Internal Travel Restrictions in China: Major cities in Hubei Province have instituted a
travel ban on occupants of their cities, suspending urban buses, subways, ferries, and
long-distance passenger transport from the cities, including flights and trains, and
closing intercity roads. Interprovince shuttle buses in major areas have stopped. Many
bars, restaurants, shops, and museums are closed in Hubei Province, Guangdong, and
many other affected areas. Major tourist attractions have closed in Beijing, Shanghai,
Sanya (Hainan Province), Hong Kong, and Tibet Autonomous Region. China has
stopped all inbound and outbound tour groups but not individual travel. Internal travel
for the Lunar New Year Holiday has been severely limited by the government, and
public gatherings are forbidden. The reopening of schools and universities has been
postponed in many areas. Shanghai has temporarily closed all nonessential
workplaces. Visitors from Hubei Province will be actively monitored for 14 days in
Haikou, Hainan Province.

No Flights from 2019-nCoV-Affected Countries: Travelers going to Samoa must
spend at least 14 days in a country free of 2019-nCoV and undergo medical clearance
prior to travel to Samoa.

Australia, Bangladesh, Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, India, Japan, Kazakhstan,
Morocco, Netherlands, Russia, South Korea, Spain, Thailand, U.K., and U.S. are
arranging flights to repatriate their respective citizens from Wuhan. These persons will
be closely monitored and present little threat of onward transmission.

Transmission

The detailed epidemiology of possible causative animal exposures and zoonotic
transmission remains unclear. Many (27 of 41) earlier cases were directly linked to
South China Seafood City market in Jianghan District, which sold seafood and other
wildlife (including birds). More than 580 environmental samples, without indication as to
whether animal tissue was included, were collected from the implicated market. Of
these, 33 tested positive for 2019-nCoV, indicating that the market was an—or the—origin
point of the large-scale outbreak. Thirty-one of the positive samples (94%) were
collected from the western part of the market, where wildlife was traded. The first
published epi-curve shows that the symptom onset date of the first patient identified in
the outbreak was December 1, 2019. The patient reported no exposure to the
implicated market; no epidemiological link has been detected between this case and
later cases. This finding raises the possibility of an initial jump of 2019-nCovV directly
from bat to human, with subsequent initial human-to-human propagation within the
seafood market.

Infected intermediate animal hosts, if they exist, may still be present in the supply chain.
South China Seafood City market, now closed indefinitely, remained in operation
through December 31, 2019. Other points of infection would be likely because many
subsequent cases had no contact with the implicated market. Chinese authorities have
now stated that human-to-human transmission is in the fourth generation in Wuhan and
at least the second generation elsewhere (mostly in clusters). A reproductive number,

Ro, is estimated at 1.4-2.5by Chinese authorities and at up to 5.5 by some scientists.
An Rogreater than 1 indicates that each case leads to more than 1 subsequent case,

making control much more difficult. Ro is not a constant number and changes with the
ongoing circumstances and evolution of an outbreak. One published cluster study
indicates asymptomatic shedding (but not transmission) by a single patient. Sequence
data from several small clusters indicate identical virus in all subjects within the cluster.

NIH-002136
