on their websites and the California DMV website makes NO MENTION WHATSOEVER of Coronavirus
as a health threat in there overcrowded offices.

| would sincerely like to know what you make of this dangerous DMV policy. | also want to tell you that
the Californai DMV is currently advertising on the radio asking even more people to crowd DMV offices in
order to

get the REAL ID license.

REAL ID further exacerbates the danger by drawing in more than NINE MILLION Californians to
leave their germs in DMV offices over the next few months at the exact time we are in the midst of the
greatest health emergency of this century and the most important recommendation is to AVOID
CROWDS and stay at least six feet away from other people. Try staying six feet away from anyone ina
crowded DMV office where hundreds of people are stuffed in like sardines.

Obviously a rational policy would be to suspend the requirement for drivers over 70 to renew in person
and simply

let them renew by mail until the coronavirus emergency is over.

The same should be done for REAL ID. A total suspension to protect public health in a crisis is the only
sane thing to do.

If ! were the Director of the California DMV | would close all offices immediately and disinfect every inch
of them, and not reopen until the coronavirus emergency is over.

| would require that all DMV business should be done by mail or internet until the coronavirus threat is
over.

Please tell me what you think about all this and | will forward your response to local Pasadena officials
since state level officials are almost impossible to contact even in an emergency when they most need
to get this kind of information from the public but apparently do not want to know about bad news.

| greatly appreciate your voice of reason in these scary times. | wish the officials of the State of
California

were as reasonable but they are apparently oblivious to a serious and unnecessary danger being
created by

one of their own state agencies.

Sincerely

Robert Maine }

NIH-000791
