From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Sun, 1 Mar 2020 00:14:14 +0000

To: Cassetti, Cristina (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Subject: FW: One solution in the armoury to protect Health Care Sector Workers against
Covid-19

Please handle. Thanks.

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases

Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone:

FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail:

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

Eo "79

Sent: Saturday, February 29, 2020 2:10 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) CO >

Subject: One solution in the armoury to protect Health Care Sector Workers against Covid-19
Dear Dr Fauci

A PPE device, tested and proven at Public Health England Porton Down (PHE), based on innovative
technology could be ready to go into production within 20 weeks. It sterilises all airborne pathogens as
airis inhaled by the wearer. See www.medi-immune.com and in particular the published report on the
tests, by clicking on the report under “The Science” The device is due to undergo further tests, at PHE
within the next week, specifically against Covid-19. For verification please contact Professor Nigel
Silman at PHE Porton Down.

Health Services around the world are doing what they can to prepare for a significant increase in
infections from this highly transmissible virus and if those people in the Health Care Sectors are infected
the situation could become untenable.

The production of vaccines is under way but no one expects them to be available within the next 12 to
18 months. The Medi-Ilmmune “ProtectivAir®”, which has been under development for some years and
could be available within a few months, will give a far greater level of protection than the current masks
and respirators and more importantly can remain in use in the future for other emerging airborne
pathogens — known, unknown or mutating.

NIH-001155
