and to bolster it with evidence—good preparation, it turned out, for
testifying before Congress. Last year, at a dinner that Regis held in his
honor, he said that the school had taught him “to communicate scientific
principles, or principles of basic and clinical research, without getting
very profuse and off on tangents.”

At the time, though, Fauci had no interest in becoming a doctor. “I was
captain of the Regis High School basketball team,” he once told me. “T
thought this was what I wanted to do with myself. But, being a realist, I
very quickly found out that a five-seven, really fast, good-shooting point
guard will never be as good as a really fast, good-shooting seven-footer.
I decided to change the direction of my career.”

At school, Fauci’s accomplished peers were headed to careers in
medicine, engineering, and the law. At home, he was steeped in the
humanities: “Virtually all my relatives on my mother’s side—her father,
her brother, and her sister’s children—are artists.” His mother helped tip
the balance. “She never really pressured me in any way, but | think I
subtly picked up the vibrations that she wanted very much for me to be a
physician,” Fauci said. “There was this tension—would it be humanities
and classics, or would it be science? As I analyzed that, it seemed to me
that being a physician was the perfect melding of both of those
aspirations.”

From Regis, Fauci went on to another Jesuit institution, Holy Cross, in
Worcester, Massachusetts. His high-school faculty had left him little
choice in the matter. “They just wouldn’t write a recommendation for
you if you wanted to apply to Harvard or to Cornell, or Columbia,” he
said. Fauci enrolled in 1958 and was pleased to find that the university
took a broad view of premedical studies. He signed up for a program
called Bachelor of Arts—Greek Classics—Premed. “It was really kind of
bizarre,” he recalled. “We did a lot of classics, Greek, Latin, Romance
languages. ... We took many credits of philosophy, everything from
epistemology to philosophical psychology, logic, etc. But we took
enough biology and physics and science to get you into medical
school.”

During the summers, Fauci worked construction jobs. One year, he
found himself assigned to a crew that was building a new library at
