On Tuesday evening, that information was conveyed in a conference call to scientists studying the drug
globally.

“There are literally dozens and dozens of investigators around the world,” Fauci said. “People were
starting to leak it.” But he did not give details of where the unreported data was being shared.

Several scientists interviewed by Reuters felt the White House setting seemed inappropriate for the
release of highly anticipated government-funded trial data on the Gilead therapy.

They had expected it to be presented simultaneously in a detailed news release, a briefing at a medical
meeting or in a scientific journal, allowing researchers to review the data.

Information from various trials of remdesivir has been leaked to media in recent weeks. In a statement
on Wednesday, Gilead said the NIAID’s much anticipated trial had met its primary goal, but gave no
details.

Data in a separate NIAID statement after Fauci spoke detailed preliminary results showing that patients
who got the drug had a 31 percent faster time to recovery than those who got a placebo, cutting
hospital stays by four days.

The trial also came close to showing the drug helped people survive the disease, but the data fell just
short of statistical significance.

“| want to see the full data. | want to understand the statistics. | want to understand the benefit and risk.
| want to understand the structure of the study, and all of it,” said Dr. Steven Nissen, the chief academic
officer at the Cleveland Clinic.

“Am | encouraged from what I’ve heard? Yes, I’m encouraged. But | want to get a full understanding of
what happened here, and not get it via a photo opportunity from the Oval Office.”

Data Gilead released on its own trial of remdesivir drew less attention, as it did not compare outcomes
between those receiving therapy and those who did not.

Results from a third study in China suggesting remdesivir failed to help COVID-19 patients were released
in the British medical journal the Lancet after review by a peer group of scientists.

“That’s the only thing Ill hang my hat on, and that was negative,” said Dr. Eric Topol, director and
founder of the Scripps Research Translational Institute in La Jolla, California.

He was unimpressed by remdesivir’s modest benefit.

“It was expected to be a whopping effect,” Topol added. “It clearly does not have that.”

At the Oval Office news conference, Fauci compared the study findings to AZT, the first drug to show any
benefit against HIV, decades ago.

“We know that was an imperfect drug. It was the first step,” Fauci said in the interview.

“Similar to AZT, it’s (remdesivir) the first baby step towards what hopefully will be a number of better
drugs that will come in and be able to treat people with COVID-19.”

(This story has been refiled to correct spelling of “clinical” in paragraph one)

Reporting by Julie Steenhuysen; Editing by Michele Gershberg and Clarence Fernandez

Our Standards:The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.

Disclaimer: Any third-party material in this email has been shared for internal use under fair use provisions
of U.S. copyright law, without further verification of its accuracy/veracity. It does not necessarily represent
my views nor those of NIAID, NIH, HHS, or the U.S. government.
