You have the same problem in the outpatient areas. Have a sick patient
slip through and come in contact with a number of the clinic staff (not
in PPE), and we now need to quarantine all those staff. In contrast to a
breach for the inpatient area, the outpatient area can still operate as a
safe area (just minus those staff who would now be on quarantine). But
do that a few times and pretty soon you have nobody left to fight. One
way I thought about dealing with this scenario is to take the outpatient
staff and split them in two. One group works the clinic (physically
present) for the usual clinic hours for a 14 day stretch (1 incubation
period). Another group works from home (and practices social
distancing, etc., really acting as if they are on home quarantine) and
leverages telehealth technology to care for patients and help with
monitoring those patients in home isolation and home quarantine. After
14 days the groups switch. [All along we monitor employees daily
(whether at work or at home) for symptoms or sick household
members] In the event of a breach, the groups immediately switch and
the group that was working 1s placed on actual home quarantine (but
still continues to work from home leveraging telehealth). That way if a
breach does happen, we have a fallback response (that we are constantly
practicing) that allows us to sustain outpatient care.

For the inpatient areas, I thought about the lone survivor model (holding
back 1 Secretary and staff in the event that the government ts
decapitated). So think of a small group (would need to think thru what
the composition of that team would look like for each area (acute care,
inpatient mental health, long term care) that would at least provide the
nucleus of the expertise necessary to reconstitute the service in the
event of a major breach). This smaller group would vary in team
members every 2 weeks and would rotate to work from home for 14
days stretches and practice social distancing (acting as if they were on
home quarantine). They could also assist via telehealth (inpatient
consultation, etc., while out of the hospital).

Is anyone thinking along these lines (really continuity of operations for
the healthcare system)?

Sent from Mail for Windows 10

NIH-001477
