dramatic play area, in the classroom library or computer center, during story time or music
circle? Our 3 table surfaces are used for multiple activities through the day including meals—
and they seat six children at each table. Friday afternoon, | had 9 children sharing space and
materials engaged in cooperative play for an extended period outside in a sandbox that
measures 5'x10'...you do the math. Our spacing for cots at nap time is considerably less than 3
feet.

We have no hot water in our classroom for hand washing for children or staff which is
considered a safety measure. We are relentless in our efforts to teach hygiene to 3-year-old
children who cough, sneeze, vomit upon (and occasionally may spit, bite or lick) each other ora
staff member. We work to teach them to use a tissue instead of their hand/arm/shirt to wipe a
runny nose...then throw it in the trash and wash their hands again. Believe me when I say a
determined child can sing "Happy Birthday" twice in an amazingly short time--definitely less
than 20 seconds--all the while whipping through instructions to wash the tops, bottoms and
fingers of their hands while they sing. Hand washing is monitored by 3 adults through the day
to ensure it happens after each cough, sneeze, nose wipe and use of the bathroom. Hands are
washed after sensory play indoors or out, before am snack, lunch, and pm snacks (and
sometimes during), and when we transition from outside play. At a minimum, these 17 children
are taking turns washing hands (at our single sink) six times during a full day at preschool—
before we add in those runny noses, coughs or sneezes.

Avoid touching shared objects...seriously? We work daily to teach these 3-year-olds to share
materials and space. Yes, we disinfect our toys regularly and our room daily--but that stuffed
animal may move from dramatic play to the reading nook and to a nap cot all in one day and
may be held by a different child with each move. Our families send a blanket from home for
their child to use through the week at nap time—along with a soft “sieep toy” if this is needed,
to sooth their child to sleep. These items are stored in the child’s open “cubby box” in the
classroom through the week. Do we know how log COVID-19 “lives” on soft surfaces?

| am convinced school closures are necessary at this time to stem community spread of COVID-
19. | understand the strain on multiple levels this will inevitably put on families to provide care
for and education of their own children for this period. But—young children can contract this
virus and can spread it even though they may not demonstrate symptoms themselves. Or,
what may be dismissed as allergies or “just a cold” may not be. Young children can carry this
virus home to their family and neighborhoods just as easily as a school age child; and, they can
certainly bring it into our center from their home. How many of our children in preschool
depend upon elderly family members for their care? We have infants as young as 6 weeks old
and children through 5 years old at our center. How many young children in care are we willing
to expose? How many and which grandparents are we going to risk?

OVE

 

: (b) (6) Forget sporting events, museums,
concerts or even worship services--| am worried about going to work on Monday...and
uncertain what may happen if I stay home.

Again...
This is a business decision.

NIH-000539
