Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases

Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National institutes of Health

Bethesda, | MD 20892-2520

Phone: Foye

FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

From: Fried, Linda P.|
Sent: Thursday, February 13, 2020 12:45 PM
To: Redfield, Robert R. _(CDC/OD) | @YG); Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Ce: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAD [Elf “@) GJ; Goldman, Lee
CO} >; Booth, Jang OE) >; Katznelson, Ira |.
— ax

Subject: Institutional request for information

 

 

 

Dear Drs. Redfield and Fauci,

| am writing on behalf of Columbia University, which has received a request from Dr. lan Lipkin to
transfer live novel coronavirus from Hong Kong to his BSL3 facility at the University. As we evaluate his
request, we note that he has approval from a CDC official to import the virus (see attached). However,
as we consider the risks and benefits of Dr. Lipkin’s proposal, we ask the two of you:

1. Is the CDC or NIH overseeing the distribution of the live virus in the U.S.?

2. Will you be the sole source of distribution in the U.S., or will institutions be permitted to obtain
it directly from other sources?

3. If it can be obtained from other sources, what sources will be permitted? For example, the
China or Hong Kong CDC or University of Hong Kong?

4, If you are to be the sole source, when would you expect to have a process for considering
requests?

5. If someone wishes to travel to China to work on the live virus, are there any travel restrictions
other than the self isolation/quarantine already in place (and of course subject to change over
time)?

Thank you very much for your help with these important questions as we all try to do our best to
contribute solutions to this health crisis.

With best regards,
Linda

NIH-001899
