On Apr 20, 2020, at 1:57 PM, lesley lesleycahillroy.com <lesley@lesleycahillroy.com>
wrote:

<6EDD370A-6106-4603-B557-7AAEESASEF79.png>

Dear Dr. Fauci,

| hope you and the family are all safe and healthy during these challenging times. Hailed
by The New York Times as “the Internet’s highest honor,” The Webby Awards has been the
premiere award for online excellence for over two decades, honoring the companies and
people who have critically shaped digital technology and culture.

This year, due to the impact of the coronavirus The Webby Awards are moving their
renowned award show to an online experience. On May 19th, 2020, the 24th Annual
Webby Awards will bring together Webby Winners from around the world in an Internet
Celebration which will showcase the artists, organizations, and creators using their
platforms to imagine a better tomorrow through information, education, movement,
comedy, all while inspiring audiences to take action to enact positive change.

The 24th Annual Webby Awards are proud to honor Avi Schiffmann as the 2020 Person
of the Year to recognize his creation of ncov2019.live to track the spread of COVID-19
across the world. We would be honored if Dr. Fauci would “virtually” present Avi with
his award.

As we collectively navigate the severe impact of COVID-19 on the world and late calls for
nation-wide social distancing, the Internet has become the lifeblood for people looking
for accurate information about the novel coronavirus. Since launching the site on
December 29th, Avi Schiffmann’s tracking site was a necessary tool that sounded the
alarm on the novel coronavirus and its spread, notably calling attention to its severity
long before many global officials. By providing over 100 million visitors with real-time
data on the virus’ spread, Schiffmann has helped people around the globe understand
COVID-19 and the necessity of upgrades to current health care systems and measures to
flatten the curve.

For having the foresight to track the global spread of COVID-19 and for creating a
website to provide real-time data about the virus to people everywhere, it is our great
privilege to honor Avi Schiffmann as the 2020 Webby Person of the Year. The
celebration will highlight the important work Avi and his fellow winners are doing, and
will mark his hallmark Webby 5-Word acceptance speech in Internet history. Dr. Fauci's
presenter speech could be recorded on his phone and we can send you through a script
for him to review, edit and details for format and deadline.

This year’s Webby Awards will also take action, the impact of COVID-19 and government
responses around the world, has brought the importance of voting into sharp focus. The
