From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Tue, 4 Feb 2020 00:29:06 +0000

To: Kai Kupferschmidt

Ce: Greg Folkers) 6) Billet, Courtney (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: RE: coronavirus quick question

Kal:

Sorry that | got to this solate. | have been swamped. | just read your story in
Science. It is unfortunate that they did not interview the patient. Obviously, this
changes the conclusion of the paper. My comment: “There’s no doubt after
reading [the NEJM] paper that asymptomatic transmission is occurring” was made
because there has been a lot of discussion among Chinese investigators that
asymptomatic infection is occurring in Wuhan City and Hubei Province, yet no
publication came out and said this. Since this was the first publication
supposedly documenting this phenomenon, that is why | referred to the paper
and made my comment. It is unfortunate that this error was published, but it still
does not really change anything. Rather than rely on rumors, this evening |
telephoned one of my colleagues in China who is a highly respected infectious
diseases scientist and health official. He said that he is convinced that there is
asymptomatic infection and that some asymptomatic people are transmitting
infection. The NEJM paper may be incorrect, but according to reputable Chinese
scientists, my statement is correct. Having said that, | have been saying for some
time that even if asymptomatic infection occurs, it is very unlikely to be a major
driver of the outbreak since most transmissions occur from someone who is
asymptomatic.

Best regards,
Tony

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases

Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone: {—___ ©}

FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail:

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not

NIH-002268
