From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Fri, 6 Mar 2020 04:06:51 +0000

To: Eisinger, Robert (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Subject: FW: Meeting to Assess Evaluation of COVID-19 vaccine candidates for risk of
enhanced disease

Attachments: March 12th-Tentative list of questions to be discussed_JPC mg-sb[16212]-

version4March-1239-CLEAN.docx, Draft agenda.Acc Assess ED.4Mar202011_ with annexes.pdf

Please handle. | cannot meet with them.

From: Steve Black [OY

Sent: Wednesday, March 4, 2020 4:26 PM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] Cm) >

Cc: Robert Chen[ (b) (6]
Subject: Meeting to Assess Evaluation of COVID-19 vaccine candidates for risk of enhanced disease

Dear Doctor Fauci,

lam writing to you as a member of the SPEAC project which CEPI has funded to assist with the
evaluation of the safety of vaccines in their portfolio. As part of this effort, we are assisting
with developing preclinical and clinical testing criteria to evaluate the risk of enhanced disease
following vaccination with COVID-19 vaccine candidates. As you know, this had been an issue
with some prior SARS vaccine candidates.

We are convening a two day virtual meeting of experts via video conference next week on
March 12 and 13 between 8 am and 1 pm Eastern time each day. Participants in the meeting
are shown in the attached agenda but include Paul Henri Lambert from Geneva and Barney
Graham from NIH. The meeting will actively involve the participants on the agenda the first day
and on the second day the meeting will be open for several peer reviewers including Stanley
Plotkin and Andy Pollard to review and comment on possible small and NHP animal models as
well as appropriate immunologic testing to be done in early phase one trials.

lam wanted to make you aware of the meeting so that you could attend all or part as an
observer if you wish but also to invite you to consider joining on day two as one of our formal
peer reviewers. The goal of the meeting would be to share recommendations with CEPI

COVID-19 developers as well as other interested parties.

Any comments you have on the agenda or draft questions for consideration would be greatly
appreciated.

| look forward to hearing back from you.

ATTACHMENTS: DRAFT AGENDA; DRAFT QUESTIONS FOR CONSIDERATION

NIH-000933
