From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Wed, 26 Feb 2020 01:32:22 +0000
To: Jon LaPook

Subject: RE: CBS Sunday Morning

Jon:

The message would have to be that the situation continues to evolve and people need to follow the news and the
reports from CDC. For example, a few wecks ago if you wanted to travel to Japan or South Korea, it was fine since
there were few is any cases there. Now both countries have a travel alert that says “Avoid all but essential travel".
You should tell people that travel to places with few or no reported cases is fine. Only when you have community
spread (person to person to person) should you be concerned about a specific travel destination. Also, you could
explain to people that pandemics evolve when a new infectious disease is spreading by sustained community spread
in multiple countries in different regions of the globe. Once a pandemic erupts. it is virtually impossible for any
country to be free of cases. People need to understand that. You can mitigate the effects, but you cannot avoid
having infections since you cannot shut offthe country from the rest of the world. Also, you need to speak of the
real and present danger of seasonal influenza every year. Do not let the fear of the unknown (i.e. a pandemic of a
new infectious agent) distort your evaluation of the risk of the pandemic to you relative to the risks that you face
every day. The only thing that we can do is to prepare as best as possible and do not yield to unreasonable fear.
Best,

Tony

-----Original Message-----

From: Jon LaPook{ OO) >
Sent: Tuesday, February 25, 2020 6:34 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <4
Subject: CBS Sunday Morning

 

Hi Tony.
| have an unusual opportunity: the executive producer of CBS Sunday Morning has asked me to do a straight to
camera shpiel about COVID-19 for this Sunday. | did something similar when people are panicking about Ebola.

You and | have spoken enough about this so that | feel comfortable with the basics. But I would love you to give
some thought to whether there are any misunderstandings that you would like cleared up or information you would
like disseminated.

| would love to give some logical travel advice. I know there are so many unknowns, but I have had multiple people
ask me whether they should cancel their upcoming to trip to ... you name it (Italy, Israel, San Francisco). I know it
comes down to risk/benefit, and - as you told me during the Ebola outbreak - people have all sorts of varying levels
of comfort with risk. But what do I actually SAY to the 6 million people who will be watching people? :)

Thanks,
Jon

Jonathan LaPook, M.D.

Chief Medical Correspondent, CBS News
Professor of Medicine

NYU Langone Health

Twitter @DrLaPook

NIH-001344
