authorities, and drug development had to follow a rigid process that
included animal testing and rigorous clinical trials. Otherwise, the
benefits and the risks of these drugs could not be adequately assessed.
In 1987, the F.D.A. approved the first drug to treat H.I.V.—
azidothymidine, or AZT—and the announcement was met with a burst
of hope. But the drug’s liabilities were evident almost instantly. It had
harsh side effects, and the benefits wore off; the virus itself soon became
resistant to the drug. When new clinical studies began, involving
cocktails of AZT and similar compounds, tens of thousands of people
asked to participate. Again, though, volunteers were not accepted if they
used other experimental drugs. The anger among activists grew more
intense. “They started becoming amazingly iconoclastic and
confrontational, and that scared the hell out of the scientists, who were
fundamentally quite conservative,” Fauci told me at his medical-school
reunion. “When they were demonstrating on the N.I.H. campus,
disrupting Wall Street, disrupting St. Patrick’s Cathedral, instead of
listening to them, scientists withdrew.”

Without entirely understanding his own motives, Fauci decided to look
beyond the activists’ furious rhetoric and style. He recalls telling
himself, “Let me put aside the goth dress—the earrings and the Mohawk
haircuts and the black jackets—and Just listen to what they have to say.
And what they were saying made absolutely perfect sense.” It helped
that Fauci had something in common with the activists: “They were all
New York guys. I had a little affinity to them because I’m a New
Yorker. And I said, What would I do if I were in their shoes? And it was
very clear: I would have done exactly the same thing.”

The activists knew that they were facing a mercilessly lethal disease. In
the summer of 1985, I travelled to New York to write my first long story
on the toll that the epidemic was taking on the city’s gay community. I
interviewed dozens of men. To the best of my knowledge, only two of
them are still alive: Larry Kramer, who 1s now eighty-four, and a
political activist who prefers to remain anonymous.

Fauci, too, came to understand the severity of the crisis. “Everyone
died,” he said. “I was used to treating people who had little hope and
then saving their lives—that was so wonderful. But, with AIDS in those
