I’m a bit at a loss to know how to respond to Bob Gallo.

ed
CEE

Francis

From: Gallo, Robertf___ 0) 5}
Sent: Sunday, May 3, 2020 12:07 PM

To: Collins, Francis (NIH/OD) [(E] [SY

Subject: RE: Your query to Dr. Kadlec

 

Dear Francis,

It was a pleasure to hear from you, and yes, it has been a long time since we met or
even spoke. Moons ago | was set to write to you after reading your wonderful
book, but | ended up instead speaking with others about it. | should add at this
point that | did not quickly respond to your email of a few days ago because |
simply missed it.

It is true that I strongly suggest that OPV be quickly (already it is not quickly)
brought forward for induction of a strong innate immune response to prevent or
markedly reduce SARS-CoV-2 infection and/or severity until the field obtains a
proven safe and efficacious vaccine producing a long lasting, adaptive immunity.
OPV is very safe (notably for OPV 1 and 3 as bOPV which we will use and
completely safe in a vaccinated population), simple, cheap, rather obvious, yet
unique among the massive number of vaccines many (maybe most) of which are
the same or at least if not exactly the same aiming at the same mechanism
(targeting the spike and searching for the putative correlate of neutralizing Abs.).

OPV should work for a few months and possibly longer. Also it should be working
multiple times so | think could cover more than a few months, giving us time fora
proven vaccine of adaptive immunity, which might be very long lasting as is hoped.

Inthe main the WHO comments are correct. Of course we sought and have letters
of support from them as well as from many others. Though they are again
supportive in their notes to you, there is one item that surprises me. They add
that there was no clinical efficacy results as yet. They know or certainly should
know that there is plenty of clinical data for this concept with BCG, OPV, and live
Measles vaccine. Needless to say this is what turned me on during our regular
Global Virus Network (GVN)conference calls. (Incidentally GVN is an organization |
have thought of bringing to your attention. | think you would find it impressive and
useful). | would be happy to share with you the clinical observations with OPV if
you wish.
