world. “All of a sudden, this new disease comes along,” Fauci recalled,
referring to what would soon come to be known as AIDS. “Even before
the cause of it was proven to be H.I.V., everybody in the field knew that
it had to be a virus. I said to myself, ‘Here it is, a virus, still to be
determined, that’s affecting profoundly and destroying the human
immune system.’ ” Fauci believed that he had been training all his life
for a threat like this one. He was an expert in viruses and in the immune
system—and he had always been attracted to combatting serious, even
fatal diseases. “I wanted to be where the action was,” he said.

At first, few public-health officials seemed to care. In June of 1981,

the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report, a publication of the Centers
for Disease Control, issued a paper that included an account of five
young men, all gay, who had contracted pneumocystis, a form of
pneumonia that had previously been reported only in people with
dramatically impaired immune systems. The young men described in the
study had all been healthy. “I thought it was a fluke,” Fauci recalled. “I
put it aside on my desk, thinking that maybe this was some drug that
they had taken that suppressed their immune system.”

A month later, an even more alarming report arrived from the C.D.C.
Fauci read it with an uneasy sense that a disaster was looming: “I made
the decision that I was going to stop what I was doing, much to the
chagrin of my mentors, who were saying, ‘Why do you want to give up
a great trajectory of a career to study a handful of gay men with this
strange disease?’ But, deep down, I really knew that this was going to
explode.”

Fauci wrote a paper to sound the alarm. “I called it my apologia pro vita
sua—an explanation for what I’m doing,” he said. In the paper, Fauci
pointed out that, although the disease “seems to selectively affect a
particular segment of our society,” it demanded a medical solution.
Moreover, he warned, “any assumption that the syndrome will remain
restricted to a particular segment of our society is truly an assumption
without a scientific basis.” Fauci sent the manuscript to The New
England Journal of Medicine, in late 1981. It was rejected. “One of the
reviewers said I was being alarmist,” Fauci said. He tried a different
