From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Sent: Mon, 9 Mar 2020 01:27:36 +0000

To: BY C)

Subject: RE: California DMV Coronavirus exposure danger

 

| recommend that you keep trying to work with Governor Newsom’s office since this is vey
specific for the state of California.

 

Sent: Sunday, March 8, 2020 8:12 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) (E]f2— YO)
Cc: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E] Cy 6

Subject: California DMV Coronavirus exposure danger

Dear Dr. Fauci,

| am writing to alert you to what | believe is a serious coronavirus health threat in California
that is being posed by the California Department of Motor Vehicles.

It has long been the policy of the California DMV that all drivers OVER 70 YEARS OLD must
renew their drivers licenses IN PERSON at DMV offices.

DMV offices are notorious for being extremely crowded and requiring long wait times where people are
breathing on each other touching each other and undisinfected surfaces and touch screens for hours.

As far as | am aware DMV offices are never sanitized so germs from thousands of people can remain
there
for weeks on end.

This is obviously a dangerous environment for anyone in the current worldwide coronavirus emergancy
yet nobody in the news media is reporting on it or even seems aware of the danger.

In light of your recent statement warning people over to 60 to avoid crowds this California DMV policy
seerns to be incredibly irresponsible and even life threatening but nobody is doing anything about it.

 
     

I 1. Only one day earlier on March 4 Califomia Governor Gavin
Newsom
declared a State of Emergency in California to prevent the spread of coronavirus.

| find this situation to be utterly absurd since Newsom is allowing Califomia citizens to be exposed to
exactly the kind of coronavirus danger he claims to be preventing and apparently does not even know
that the DMV is totally contradicting his emergency deciaration, the CDC recommendations, the
California State Health Department, the Los Angeles County Health Department, and the Pasadena City
Health Department.

. lam concerned that nobody seems to see
the obvious public health threat. None of the relevant public health agencies have any information about
this

NIH-000790
