From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Sun, 12 Apr 2020 20:18:33 +0000
To: Brian Kelsall
Subject: RE: What can be done?

Thanks, Brian. That recommendation is in the works.

From: Brian Kelsall SFO)

Sent: Monday, March 30, 2020 10:17 PM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [€] Cm,

Subject: Fwd: What can be done?

Dear Tony,

I’m lucky to have thoughtful neighbors. Please see the email that | received from Sue Edwards. Because
of the likelihood that there are so many asymptomatic cases, isn’t it time to recommend everyone
where a mask of some kind? Not N95 masks or even surgical masks that should be reserved for first
responders and hospital staff, but some face covering?

Best, Brian

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: Sue Edwards )>
Date: March 30, 2020 at 1:15:06 PM EDT

To: Brian Kelsall) ©)
Subject: What can be done?

 

Why can’t the CDC make a public service announcement that everyone should be wearing
some kind of mask @ in public? It doesn’t have to be N95 or even surgical though that
would be ideal (as is done in every Asian country) given that the virus is actually
aerosolized (several studies confirm this) and that it can be spread by asymptomatic
carriers (which account for possibly more than half of the positive cases - we will never
know) it seems obvious that food markets are no different from hospitals and in many
cases worse since at least in hospitals people are wearing some protective equipment...
just say wear a cotton mask, a scarf, a bandanna, a DIY paper towel mask.. whatever- but
no one should be going to a market without one and absolutely no one working in a store
or stocking supplies or delivering food, packages, mail etc should be allowed to work
without something covering the face- this includes pharmacists as well, obviously 0 wtf is
wrong with this country?

What use are gloves? When the offending particles are escaping our faces and floating
around for several hours, landing on everything around us... the only place it shouldn’t be
as Critical is outdoors in the sunshine where UV light should deactivate viruses fairly
quickly...
