COVID patients. I hate to do that, but not sure how it could be avoided
early on. But we would only do that for those who are ill enough to be
hospitalized. The large number of asymptomatic and mildly ill patients
would be under home isolation (so no worries about mixing confirmed
and suspected patients). The downside is that we would have larger
number of people is isolation and home quarantine than 1s really
necessary (and the consequence of increased workplace absenteeism).

And it is because home isolation and home quarantine are so important,
healthcare systems (and not just public health) have to grab a hold of
operationalizing those NPIs with both hands. A while back, I created
some prescriptions (tongue in cheek), just to underscore that physicians
do have a role tn isolation and quarantine (it 1s not limited to public
health). We might not have pharmaceuticals available to treat COVID,
but why can’t we write prescriptions for non-pharmaceuticals? I don’t
think healthcare leaders appreciate this point. Every COVID patient we
admit or see in the ER will require us to follow up with household
members to make sure they know to home quarantine (need to do the
Same anywhere in our system we find a patient who is infected). You
could not imagine the pushback I have received when I proposed that
we must have an active role—people seem to think that state and local
public health is alone responsible for this. I would think public health
will be overwhelmed and taking charge of this 1s our best strategy to
keep our safe areas safe.

I would be interested to hear how other healthcare systems and public
health leaders are thinking about this.

Sent from Mail for Windows 10

From: Carter Mecher

Sent: Thursday, February 20, 2020 6:39 AM

To: Richard Hatchett; Dr. Eva K Lee

Ce: Tracey McNamara; Caneva, Duanef{ OY) J; Dodgen, Daniel
(OS/ASPR/SPPR); DeBord, Kristin (OS/ASPR/SPPR); Phillips, Sally
(OS/ASPR/SPPR); David Marcozzi; Hepburn, Matthew J ClV USARMY (USA);

Lisa Koonin; Wargo Michael; Walters, William (STATE.GOV); HARVEY
MELISSA; WOLFE, HERBERT; Eastman, Alexander; EVANS, MARIEFRED;

 

 

 

 

 

NIH-001494
