got to deal with them. Because 1f you don’t deal with them, then you’re
out of the picture.”

Since his days of advising Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush,
Fauci has maintained a simple credo: “You stay completely apolitical
and non-ideological, and you stick to what it is that you do. I’m a
scientist and I’m a physician. And that’s it.” He learned the value of
candor early. “Some wise person who used to be in the White House, in
the Nixon Administration, told me a very interesting dictum to live by,”
he told me in 2016, during a public conversation we had at the fifty-year
reunion of his medical-school class. “He said, “When you go into the
White House, you should be prepared that that 1s the last time you will
ever go in. Because if you go in saying, I’m going to tell somebody
something they want to hear, then you’ve shot yourself in the foot.’ Now
everybody knows I’m going to tell them exactly what’s the truth.”
Americans have come to rely on Fauci’s authoritative presence. Perhaps
not since the Vietnam era, when Walter Cronkite, the avuncular anchor
of the “CBS Evening News,” was routinely described as the most trusted
man in America, has the country depended so completely on one person
to deliver a daily dose of plain talk. In one national poll, released last
Thursday, seventy-eight per cent of participants approved of Fauci’s
performance. Only seven per cent disapproved.

On March 23rd, Fauci failed to appear at the daily briefing in the White
House pressroom. Twitter promptly lost its mind. #NoFauci became a
top trending topic, followed closely by #whereisFauci and
#letTonyspeak. There was speculation that Trump, who is inclined to
fire anyone who disagrees with him or, worse, garners some praise in the
media, had lost patience with Fauci. As one of Fauci’s old friends told
me, “This is a President who doesn’t give a shit about Fauci’s
accomplishments, his history, or his learning. If anything, they’re
negatives.”

The truth was less alarming. “I was tied up in a task-force meeting, and
we were trying to work out some difficult policies,” Fauci said. “I have
no trouble with the President. When I talk to him, he listens.” My
experience with Fauci suggested that this last statement was perhaps a
triumph of pragmatism over accuracy. His priority, as he’s made clear, 1s
