concerned that I was entering . . . an area of biomedical research that
was disappearing,” he recalled in one speech. But, since 1984, when
Fauci became the director of NIAID, there has not been a single day in
which some epidemic has not threatened the globe. According to the
World Health Organization, AIDS has killed more than thirty million
people, and nearly forty million are now living with H.I.V. Tuberculosis,
far from sliding into obscurity, infects roughly a quarter of the human
population; the W.H.O. says that one and a half million people died from
the disease 1n 2018.

But the greatest threat that humanity faces, by far, is a global outbreak of
a lethal virus for which no treatment has been found. In just a few
months, COVID-19 has forced billions of people, in nearly every country
on earth, into a panicked withdrawal from society. Another pandemic
like this might appear in two years, or in ten, or in a century. But I have
never met a virologist or an epidemiologist who believes we won’t
encounter one.

For a deadly virus to flourish, it must meet three critical conditions.
First, a new virus—one to which no one has yet developed immunity—
must emerge from the animal reservoirs that produce and harbor such
pathogens. Second, the virus has to make humans sick. (The vast
majority do not.) Finally, it must be able to spread efficiently, through
coughing, sneezing, or shaking hands. That combination 1s rare, but,
when it appears, the consequences are almost always disastrous.

The Nobel Prize-winning molecular biologist Joshua Lederberg, who
died in 2008, was for years the world’s most visionary voice about
emerging infectious diseases. “Some people think I am being hysterical,
but there are catastrophes ahead,” he once wrote. “We live in
evolutionary competition with microbes—bacteria and viruses. There is
no guarantee that we will be the survivors.”

In 2003, Lederberg joined the future F.D.A. commissioner Margaret
Hamburg and the pandemic specialist Mark Smolinski to edit a seminal
report, in which prominent scientists argued for a much more aggressive
defense of the planet. Titled “Microbial Threats to Health,” the report
recommended that the U.S. greatly expand its early-warning systems,
particularly in the developing world. It also urged leaders to strengthen

 
