From:

Sent: Tue, 25 Feb 2020 19:07:15 -0500
To: McNeil Jr, Donald G

Subject: Re: thought from a kibbitzer...

You make some very good points, Donald.

On Feb 25, 2020, at 4:48 PM, McNeil Jr, Donald G <mcneil@nytimes.com>wrote:

I was just watching the HHS briefing online, and thinking about an article I read this
morning, and Bruce Aylward's description of what he saw 1n China, and a lot of
videos I've watched on the South China Morning Post website (they're doing great
coverage. ).

In China, we in the media tend to report the horrors and the lockdown and the
government's early lies...

But the truth is that a lot of average Chinese behaved incredibly heroically in the
face of the virus: 25,000 doctors and nurses went into Wuhan to help, knowing they
might die. Average people gave up their stockpiles of masks so they could be
shipped to Wuhan. Neighborhood committecs brought food to thousands of little old
ladies and checked on them every day, even as they asked them to stay behind their
doors for fear of infection.

Meanwhile, in America, people tend to act like selfish pigs interested only in saving
themselves. How can I hoard a mask? Where's my vaccine? This morning, |

read this appalling article from Alabama. Here you have Americans coming back
from a horrifying experience overseas, and the President -- who 1s popular in
Alabama -- asks Alabamans to take some of those fellow Americans in. There is
zero risk because they're going to be housed on a naval base.

And yet, the answer is "No! Keep them out!" And their legislators encourage it....

I dunno -- that's the kind of behavior I expect from my fellow New Yorkers, not
from Alabama.

If the virus arrives -- and we both know it will -- America is going to have to do
better than that. Like the Chinese, Americans are going to have to look out for each
other the way we haven't since 9/11. Or maybe since World War II.

But that's not the tone of the HHS bricfings. They're an aggressive, defensive,
almost smart-alecky "we got this" tone. The only time the tone was night when you

NIH-001345
