From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Sun, 1 Mar 2020 19:22:37 +0000

To: Cassetti, Cristina (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Subject: FW: Novel Treatment for Reducing Symptoms Associated with Coronavirus
(COVID-19) - "Non-Confidential"

Attachments: (0) The Science of Exulta for the Common Cold.pdf, 1) METHODS AND

COMPOSITIONS TO INHIBIT SYMPTOMS ASSOCIATED WITH VIRAL UPPER RESPIRATORY TRACT
INFECTIONS. pdf

Please handle.

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone:

FAX: (301) 496-4409
E-mail:
The information in this Small and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectlous Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

  

 

From: Jim |versen[ (0) (6)

Sent: Sunday, March 1, 2020 1:53 PM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]|[ >

Ce: Jacqueline Iversen f___—_—(OY J>

Subject: Novel Treatment for Reducing Symptoms Associated with Coronavirus (COVID-19) - "Non-
Confidential”

Dear Dr. Fauci,

Sen-Jam Pharmaceutical has a product under development to reduce the symptoms associated with
Upper Respiratory Infection (URI). We believe it could provide relief to a large number of people during
the COVID-19 pandemic. Our product SJP-002 is a combination of an NSAID and a non-sedating
antihistamine and does not include a decongestant. Removing the decongestant makes our product
ideal for treating the symptoms associated with COVID-19 in patients with cardiac conditions who
cannot tolerate taking a decongestant.

What makes our product novel is that it can be administered early in the treatment phase, thereby
reducing the excessive accumulation of inflammation, which typically results in head congestion,
pulmonary congestion, coughing, & sneezing. Our experience has shown that at the lst signs of
experiencing symptoms of URI an individual’s symptoms can be drastically reduced after taking our

NIH-001094
