From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Fri, 28 Feb 2020 11:25:43 +0000

To: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Subject: FW: Coronavirus update for your upcoming Keystone Symposia meeting
FYI

From: Allison Ogdon <AllisonO@keystonesymposia.org>

Sent: Friday, February 28, 2020 12:10 AM

To: Allison Ogdon <AllisonO@keystonesymposia.org>

Cc: Heidi Daetwyler <HeidiD@keystonesymposia.org>

Subject: Coronavirus update for your upcoming Keystone Symposia meeting
Importance: High

KEYSTONE 4 SYMPOSIA

on Molecular and Cellular Biology

Accelerating Life Science Discovery
Greetings,

In light of the current coronavirus situation, we would like to provide an update on your upcoming
Keystone Symposia conference.

The health and safety of our meeting attendees and speakers is our top priority, and we are carefully
monitoring the coronavirus situation around the world to ensure we take the necessary precautions as
recommended by healthcare providers and public health organizations.

Currently, your meeting will proceed as scheduled, and we will contact you immediately if anything
changes. Decisions will be made on a moment to moment basis, as new information becomes available.
We assure you that the leadership team at Keystone Symposia is closely monitoring global
developments and will take swift action to ensure the health and safety of all meeting participants.

As a speaker, you hold a very special role at the meeting as a field leader. We very much appreciate
your contribution to both the scientific program, and the community of luminary scientists who will
convene to direct the future of the field. Your presentation will be a highlight for many attendees, and
your insights will inspire others to take on new and innovative directions in their own work. This is the
essence of Keystone Symposia -- convening communities of leading scientists to inspire each other to
advance biomedicine, and this would not be possible without your engagement.

We realize the current situation may add some inconveniences to travel at this time, but we also remind

you that each and every one of our speakers is hand-selected by a committee of the world’s leading
experts to represent their field at the meeting. You are among a very select few to receive this honor.

NIH-001189
