intelligent design advocate questioning the validity of the second law of thermodynamics as it pertained
to evolution — abound. Papers claiming a link between autism and vaccines pop up nearly every year.

Preprints can fill a void in times of rapidly changing science

And even when peer-reviewed journals do realize they've been had, retractions can take months or
years. The Lancet took 12 years. Another journal took five years to retract a paper claiming that HIV did
not cause AIDS. We could go on, and the list includes papers that have never even been corrected.
Those who claim preprint servers are dangerous because they lack peer review — bioRxiv has a
perfunctory screening process — sometimes acknowledge that journals have had to speed up their
game to meet the pressures of an outbreak like coronavirus, or SARS in the early part of this century.
Angela Cochran, president of the Society for Scholarly Publishing, a trade group for publishers, said on
Twitter: “Earlier this week, folks celebrated that coronavirus papers were popping up in preprint servers.
Now there is a reminder not to use them to guide clinical practice because they haven’t been reviewed.
Journals ARE reviewing coronavirus papers and getting [them] pub’d quickly.”

Kent Anderson, another publishing industry veteran, put it more bluntly: “Journals Win The Coronavirus
Race.”

Publishers have been looking for ways to score points against — and shut down — preprints for at least
half a century. Journals have speedily published a number of important papers on the new coronavirus
already, no doubt. Publishing industry champions are often quick to say that speedy peer review does
not mean sloppy peer review — even in cases that require massive corrections.

It now turns out that one of the world’s leading peer-reviewed medical journals, the New England
Journal of Medicine, published a letter last week about apparent coronavirus transmission from an
asymptomatic person that turns out to be wrong. Such letters to the editor are not typically peer-
reviewed, or at least not as rigorously as a full study. But it’s a glaring example of how a peer-reviewed
journal can end up getting things wrong. Now we get to wait and see how long it takes NEJM to correct
the record.

We'll see whether peer-review champions, who are often unwilling — with some notable and welcome
exceptions — to acknowledge how slow and ineffective correction in science can be, note this apparent
failure of one of their gatekeepers. Doing so might, after all, make some people question the expensive
subscription deals universities agree to with publishers, as well as the article processing charges that can
run into the thousands of dollars for open access publications.

Peer review can add a valuable filter. But those who work in publishing seem to be so wedded to the
existing process that they can’t admit its flaws — or that it might be a good idea to also embrace
preprint servers that could upend their business models. Just like in politics, maybe it’s time to agree
that the publishing process is a messy one, and stop using single episodes, free of context, to score
points against one’s rivals.

This article has been updated with information about a flawed report in the New England Journal of
Medicine.

 

Disclaimer: Any third-party material in this email has been shared for internal use under fair use provisions
of U.S. copyright law, without further verification of its accuracy/veracity. It does not necessarily represent
my views nor those of NIAID, NIH, HHS, or the U.S. government.

NIH-002239
