From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Sun, 26 Apr 2020 18:37:57 +0000
To: Barnes, Freddie

Subject: RE: Appreciation

Freddie:

Many thanks for your kind note. It is much appreciated.
Best regards,
Tony

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone:[— 0) 6)
FAX: (301) 496-4409
E-mail:

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

 

From: Barnes, Freddie <freddie.barnes@ncdps.gov>

Sent: Sunday, April 26, 2020 10:48 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] "ty 6} >
Subject: Appreciation

Dr. Fauci | just wanted to express my profound appreciation to you for your work during this COVID-19
pandemic. | especially appreciate how you have spent considerable time and capital reaching out to the
Black and brown communities. | saw exerts of your snapchat with Will Smith and saw nearly all of your
interview on the Breakfast Club. | regret | have to send an email to you re this matter. But this is the
day we live in. Minority communities continue to be over-looked in crises and the impact of such crises
on their respective communities. For you to be intentional about keeping the minority communities in
the loop is commendable, especially since these communities will be absorbing the disproportionate
share of the sicknesses and deaths coming from COVID-19.

Thanks for all of what your are doing in keeping the nation informed. Thanks for informing based on the
facts, data, and truth.

Take care and “Cover your six.”
