From:

 

Sun, 8 Mar 2020 07:39:47 -0400

Sent:
To: NIAID Public Inquiries
Subject: Fwd: Set up county hotline for people to contact if they think they have

coronavirus or are sick instead of going to hospital

Sent from my 1Phone

Begin forwarded message:

From: rebecca hagenberg{——_____ OF}
Date: March 8, 2020 at 3:06:34 AM EDT

To: "Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]" |
Subject: Set up county hotline for people to contact if They tt think they have
coronavirus or are sick instead of going to hospital

 

Dear Sir,

I am sending this message to assist in an idea to help minimize the impact of
Coronavirus. Instead of people going to the hospital or urgent care. Each county
health department needs to have a direct number of a national number that
distributes information to local county government health department. If you are
sick and show or exhibit signs of the coronavirus you should call the appropriate
number, a technician will come to your home, draw lab specimen needed. Of course
if someone is extremely ill they should call 911 and advise 911 they are exhibiting
signs of the virus. There should be special protocols in place for how to transport the
patient into the hospital as well ( to limit exposure to everyone involved. This means
finding alternative entrance at hospitals for a suspected coronavirus patient. These
patients should be brought in by a least used location of the hospital into a special
unit that has a barrier from the rest of the emergency department.

Home lab work will keep someone from sitting in a waiting room for 3__ 5 hours.
The county unit to conduct lab work will act in response much like calling 911 or
the police. Each hospital needs to set up an emergency entrance for Coronavirus
patients only, and the unit must be sealed from the remainder of the unit. We begin
having a coronavirus team that does not cross contaminate to any other unit on the
emergency room floor. I am thinking of the best plausible way to minimize
outbreak. This helps.

Rebecca Hagenberg

NIH-000835
