From:

 

Sat, 7 Mar 2020 17:06:39 -0500

Sent:
To: NIAID Public Inquiries
Subject: Fwd: From ER Provider, Some Common sense COVID-19 addl. suggestions

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From:
Date: March 7, 2020 at 4:08:23 PM EST

To: "Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]"
Subject: From ER Provider, Some Common sense COVID- 19 addl. suggestions

Dr. Fauci:
| have been following you and others on CSPAN with appreciation.
1) Please ensure you are all getting adequate sleep.

(There is too much yahoo-machismo in our field) Please put forth
recommendations for providers and their employers.
2) | see the CDC warning about herbals, which | agree with except for one:
echinacea, just about the only herbal with proven medical usefulness, not as it is

recommended on the bottles or websites, but as only a single 2 capsules, on day
one of viral illness. Echinacea demarginates the matured bone marrow leukocytes.
Used as a “one shot deal"

may decrease COVID-19 duration/severity as eg.: "take right away on day one,
drink plenty of water and sleep as long as necessary".

Please at least study the use of Echinacea in this manner for COVID-19. (Google is
suddenly missing Echinacea's mechanism/use info, so please have this corrected, if
for nothing else to prevent hoarding. One bottle can be for a whole neighborhood
and please ask the drug stores to offer "two packs" with proper instructions.

eg.: "take only two as soon as ill with cold or fluand not take more, but to
replenish the immune system follow up with fresh fruits and vegetables, etc.

3) Make sure we have enough Ventolin, Proventil available so those with new
asthmatic component due to COVID-19 can call their Dr. for RX if they cannot blow
out a match, for

instance, and use the drive through instead of goin into the pharmacy. Consider
hazmat for drive through testing and Rx pharmacy staff (as in S. Korea). | would be
interested in knowing the percent of COVID-19 respiratory sufferers who can stay
home but will need Ventolin. 10%? (just a guess from seeing bronchitis in the ER).

NIH-000854
