statement and said it most likely would be influenza, but I was concerned with any type
of novel respiratory virus that efficiently spread from human to human and that had a
high degree of morbidity and mortality

2.) Dyker Heights versus Bensonhurst:
e
e What do we say about where he grew up.? He always says Bensonhurst. The
apartment was technically in Dyker Heights, though the neighborhood lines shift.
And I never see him mention moving neighborhoods. Did he move? Yes. I
6}.

moved. I was born at #*.an the middle of the Bensonhurst section

 

of Brooklyn. When I was 9 years old my father opened a Pharmacy on 8302-138
Avenue at the outer edge of the Dyker Heights Section of Brooklyn (only We
moved into an apartment over the pharmacy.

3.) [ the question below is the meaning of hyperactive. Does it mean producing too
many B cells or that they were too active, as in working too hard, producing too many
antibodies??] Not necessarily too many B cells. It means that the B cells that are there,
are aberrantly turned on

Ife had been investigating B-cells, which are involved in the production of antibodies.
In 1983— before H.I.V. was even known by that name—his lab became the first to report that
B-cells became hyperactive in patients with AIDS. The virus was somchow leading its hosts
to overproduce a defense that normally would keep them healthy. Fauci had identified one of
the crucial features of AIDS. “We made that observation without having any idea of what we
were dealing with,” he said. “I think that speaks for sound scientific and clinical observation.”
The politics of secking a cure, though, would be far harder to manage.

e 4.). This I asked before you could not speak to me but we can take me out of it. Or
do whatever you like: I asked Fauci if he thought that novel coronavirus would
force a change in attitude among political leaders and funding agencies.

        

5.). This you have said in more than one place. People kind of became alarmed when you
were absent so just want to be sure you don’t mind it in here: No problem.

Fauci said that there was nothing meaningful about his absence from the Mar.23
White House briefing, “I was tied up in a task force meeting, and we were trying to work out
some difficult policics and the topic of the briefing that day was more related to other
members of the Task Force. He also said, “I have no trouble with the President. When I talk
to him, he listens.’’
