From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Mion, 24 Feb 2020 16:51:09 +0000

To: Faye Li

Cc: Billet, Courtney (NIH/NIAID) [E];Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E];Barasch,
Kimberly (NIH/NIAID) [C]

Subject: RE: Interview Request from China

Faye:

Thank you for your note. Please send me your questions by e-mail and | will try
to answer them by e-mail.
Best regards,

Tony

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases

Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone:

FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail:( 8) 6)

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

From: Faye Lif
Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 11:41 AM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E][

Subject: Interview Request from China
Dear Dr. Fauci,

I’m Faye Li, journalist from the Portrait, a national magazine in China. My beat is science and technology.
Since the outbreak of the 2019 novel coronavirus (COVID-19) in China, I’m covering feature stories about
the outbreak, hoping to explain to readers what it is, especially since the virus is evolving daily at an
unexpected high speed, and in so many confusing ways.

Now in China we are getting conflicting information about the new virus and thus become confused
about it. For example, we are seeing more and more cases that a patient with negative test results for 2
non-continuous days, still infected with the virus and tested positive afterwards. It makes the treatment
really difficult because it seems hard to determine whether the patient is fully cured or not. Since you
are an experienced immunologist, I’m wondering if you could share your insights with the Chinese
readers and take an interview. The Interview could be via phone or email, whichever works fine for you.

NIH-001447
