From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Sat, 1 Feb 2020 17:32:40 +0000
To: Cassetti, Cristina (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: FW: 2019 Novel Coronavirus:NanoViricides Confirms It Has Been Working On A

Treatment For The Novel Wuhan Coronavirus

Pease handle.

----~Original Message-----

From: Amit Gupta >

Sent: Saturday, February |, 2020 12:23 PM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) (E] ZO >

Subject: 2019 Novel Coronavirus:NanoVircides Confirms It Has Been Working On A Treatment For The Novel
Wuhan Coronavirus

Dear Dr. Fauci.

Wondering if you have see the coronavirus treatment news. I know you were involved in Ebola previously. You are
a great Scientist and Doctor.

Coronavirus update: WHO says prepare for local coronavirus outbreaks in other countries;

What do you think about this treatment.
Regards,
Amit

SHELTON, CONNECTICUT -- Thursday, January 30, 2020 -- NanoViricides, Inc. (NYSE Amer.: NNVC) (the
“Company"), a global leader in the development of highly effective antiviral therapies based on a novel
nanomedicines platform, is confirming public disclosures in articles by various industry journals and other articles,
that it is working on developing a treatment for the novel coronavirus 2019-nCoV, or the Wuhan coronavirus.

"We have already initiated a program for developing a treatment for the 2019-nCOV," said Anil R. Diwan, PhD,
President and Executive Chairman of the Company, adding, "Our platform technology enables possibly the most
rapid pathway for new drug development against viral diseases. Of course, we will need support from governmental
and international agencies such as the US CDC, WHO, and Chinese CDC to successfully develop these treatments,
and, if developed, to get them to the patients in the fastest possible time. At this time, the Company does not have a
collaboration with any of these agencies, and we have not been contacted by any of these entities or asked to
develop a treatment for this virus. We had collaborations with the CDC and USAMRIID in the past. The Company
intends to pursue a relevant collaboration for testing of our drug candidates soon.”

The new 2019-nCoV is known to be closcly related to the SARS-CoV of 2002-2003 cpidemic. In fact it has becn
shown to use the same cell surface receptor as SARS-CoV, namely ACE2.

"We have already found some lead candidate ligands in our chemical library that can bind to the SARS-CoV spike
protein in the same fashion as it binds to the cognate receptor, ACE2, using molecular madeling tools," explained
Dr. Diwan, adding, "We believe this means we may already be significantly ahead in developing a potential
treatment for the new Wuhan virus."

While the Company commissions synthesis of the anti-nCoV nanoviricide drug candidates for testing, some of
which are already in our hands, in parallel, the Company has also started preparing for testing of the candidates in
cell cultures against certain known BSL2 coronaviruses, including ones that use the ACE2 receptor. Less threatful
viruses in the same family that use the same receptor can serve as valid test viruses for screening our broad-spectrum
antiviral drug candidates. The Company has its own BSL2-certified virology laboratory at its Shelton campus where

NIH-002416
