CAUTION: EXTERNAL SENDER

Joel:

There are many iterations of the definition of a “pandemic”. However, one
that | use that is simple and understandable is as follows: An outbreak of a
serious infectious disease with substantial global health consequences (usually
one that has never before been experienced by the human population) that is
transmitted readily from person to person and where there is sustained
transmission (i.e. multiple generations of person to person to person) in multiple
countries and regions of the world. In this regard, the coronavirus outbreak in
China is an “epidemic” in China, but it is not yet a pandemic since there is not
“sustained” person to person transmission throughout the world. There are
infections in other countries (more than 25 countries), but these started as travel
related cases from China and although there are several human to human
infections in these other countries, these infections have not yet been
“sustained”. If we start seeing sustained, multiple generations of transmissions
in many countries throughout the world, then the outbreak will have progressed
to fill the criteria of a true pandemic.

Hope that this is helpful.

Best regards,
Tony

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases

Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone: (0)

FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

From: Achenbach, Joel <Joel.Achenbach@washpost.com>
Sent: Thursday, February 20, 2020 5:51 PM

NIH-001710
