More than 200 port calls in Japan by international cruise ships have been canceled since the beginning
of February due to the coronavirus outbreak, a Kyodo News survey showed Saturday, with the lost
revenue from passengers coming ashore dealing another blow to Japan’s weak economy.

Controversy continues to simmer about the infection control procedures on board the ship, after a
doctor complained on Tuesday about “chaotic” and scary conditions on board.

Six people working on the boat or with the passengers, including four government officials, a medic and
an ambulance driver, have contracted the virus.

Media reports questioned why about 90 government officials who worked on the ship have returned to
work without being tested for the coronavirus. Asked about this, Health Minister Katsunobu Kato said
the government is “trying to confirm what operations staff were involved in specifically.”

American woman in Malaysia declared free of coronavirus

The 83-year-old woman who tested positive for the coronavirus when she arrived at Kuala Lumpur
airport after disembarking in Cambodia from the MS Westerdam cruise ship has recovered, Malaysia
health authorities said Saturday.

The woman “is showing good improvement and signs of recovery, however, she is still being monitored
and managed in hospital for a slight cough,” Malaysia’s director general of health, Noor Hisham
Abdullah, said in a statement.

The woman repeatedly tested negative while on board the ship and when she disembarked in
Sihanoukville, then twice tested positive while transiting in Kuala Lumpur airport on Feb. 15. That set off
a global scramble to track the hundreds of other passengers who had also disembarked then boarded
planes bound for home.

The woman was taken to a hospital and given antiviral treatment and supplementary oxygen, and she
showed improvement after 72 hours of treatment initiation, Abdullah said. Two more tests, conducted
24 hours apart, both came back negative for coronavirus.

But the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention cast doubt on whether the woman was ever
infected, saying she “never had coronavirus to our knowledge.”

“| have confirmed that all the passengers were tested, and they have come back negative for
coronavirus, including the person who initially tested positive,” USA Today quoted CDC spokesperson
Richard Quartarone as saying. The woman “may have had a respiratory illness, but if she did, it was not
covid-19,” he said, using the official name for the virus.

Cambodia’s Ministry of Health had previously cleared the 747 crew members who were still on board
the Westerdam and the 781 passengers who were still in the country of coronavirus infection.

Chinese scientists isolate coronavirus strains in urine as WHO prepares visit
Separately, scientists in China are continuing to study how the virus is transmitted.

A research team led by renowned Chinese pulmonologist Zhong Nanshan had isolated live coronavirus
strains in urine samples from infected patients, Zhao Jincun, a respiratory expert at the State Key
Laboratory, told reporters in Guangdong on Saturday.

The team of scientists had previously said the virus, in addition to being carried in respiratory droplets,
appeared to be transmissible through fecal matter, underscoring the need to practice good hand
washing as a preventive measure.

Zhao did not directly say that the virus could be transmitted through urine, simply noting that the strains
had been isolated and that this had implications for public health control. They are continuing to work
on isolating the virus and on a cure, the Guangzhou Daily reported.

But he said people should pay more attention to personal and family hygiene to prevent the spread of
the virus and recommended frequently washing hands, closing the toilet lid before flushing and making
sure bathroom drains are not blocked.

NIH-001625
