From:

 

Sat, 21 Mar 2020 07:38:11 -0400

Sent:

To: DMID Word Nerds

Subject: Fwd: hypertensive drug - ACE2- inhbitor related and our work

Attachments: A Combinatorial Antihypertensive Drug (Reserpine and Hydrazine) Does Not

Cause Severe Depression.pdf, ATTO0001.htm, medrxivcognitionandadelphanel.pdf, ATTOO002.htm

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: "Dr.Jamuna R Subramaniam" <jamuna!7@sriramachandra.edu.in>
Date: March 21, 2020 at 2:04:14 AM EDT
To: "F auci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) er

  

Subject: hypertensive drug - ACE2- Fahottor related and our work

Dear Prof. Anthony Fauci,
Good Morning!

I am Dr. Jamuna R. Subramaniam. I did my Ph.D from Georgetown University and
postdoc in Johns Hopkins on neurodegenerative diseases. After returning to India I
started working on biogenic amine neuortransmitters. One of the major trajectory of
my research career was on an FDA approved, antihypertensive drug.

Given the current scenario of ACE2 being the receptor for Covid-19, and the widely
used antihypertensive drugs also target the same. I thought of sensitizing you ona
very effective antihypertensive drug, adelphane and adelphane esidrex made and
sold by Novaritis This contains a historical VMAT - biogenic amines loading in
synaptic vesicles, molecule, reserpine. Here, in India, a well known Nephrologist,
has used this to treat a community of close to 3000 patients for almost two

decades. From him and others I have heard that it 1s a very effective, well tolerated
antihypertensive. Reserpine is a historical molecule that it had been used in the
Indian system of medicine, Ayurveda. But adelphane has the single specific purified
molecule, reserpine, an alkaloid. Now Novaritis has stopped making it. One of the
reasons being given is reserpine's negative publicity when it was used an
antipsychotic drug. The reason given was a side effect of severe depression. We did
a study on these patients on adelphane and find that it had not caused depression.
Further, it seems to be retaining cognition in these patients. I could not publish these
in big journals as you can understand. I am enclosing these two papers.

NIH-000367
