OVERALL RISK ASSESSMENT

The epidemic in China is months from peaking. A report indicates that just
prior to the cordoning off of Wuhan, over 5 million residents (many
potentially infectious) left for other parts of China, and many thousands left
for Hong Kong, Singapore, Thailand, and Japan. Exported cases have so
far been to countries likely to be capable of controlling (but not preventing)
ongoing transmission, which will inevitably occur. In light of the secondary
cases in Germany in a business setting, the most cautious approach of
having arrivals stay at home or in a hotel for 14 days after their last
possible exposure in China is increasingly justified.

Based on increasing data on virology, clinical presentation, and
transmission, this coronavirus closely resembles SARS-CoV in many
behaviors. Fortunately, sequential sequencing of viral isolates over time
indicate no significant new viral mutations; mutations often increase
transmission or virulence. WHO assesses the risk of this event to be very
high in China, high at the regional fevel, and high at the global level. The
closing of Wuhan airport and the major cities of Hubei province have yet to
stem the flow of exported cases. The originally implicated animal market,
now closed indefinitely, bears little relevance to the ongoing situation.
Whether the market was the focus of a species jump from animals to
humans or merely one of multiple amplification settings for initial cases is
increasingly unclear. The degree of human-to-human spread outside of

Hubei province remains unclear. A reproductive number, Ro, is estimated

at 1.4—2.5 by Chinese authorities and up to 5.5 by other scientists. An Ro
greater than 1 indicates that each case leads to more than 1 subsequent
case, making control much more difficult. The spectrum of disease
manifestations in a large cohort study has yet to be disclosed; a severe
case rate of 20% has been consistent. The existence of mildly
symptomatic and asymptomatic infectious cases could increase the risk of
global spread. Case fatality is impossible to ascertain at present, and
lesser or greater clinical virulence compared to MERS-CoV or SARS-CoV
remains speculative.

See 2019 Novel Coronavirus Outbreak for detailed information.

© 2020 Shoreland, Inc. All rights reserved.

Travax News Alert items are incorporated into Shoreland’s subscriptions.
Travax content represents decision-relevant, expert synthesis of real-time
data reconciled with new and existing available advice from authoritative

national and international bodies.

For email service changes, please forward this message to

service@shoreland.com with your request. If the change should apply to
all email subscriptions (Content Changes, Literature Watch and News

Alert}, please specify that in your request. [Account: $153213; Recipient:
bg.richard.tubb@qmail.com

NIH-002129
