and carried scythes. Many waved pink-and-black banners, bearing the
words “NIH Wake Up!” or “Stop Killing Us!” All over campus, a chant
could be heard: “Fuck you, Fauci!”

“God, I hated him,” Larry Kramer, the writer and activist who helped
establish the two most important AIDS advocacy groups in the country,
the Gay Men’s Health Crisis and ACT UP, said. “As far as I was
concerned, he was the central focus of evil in the world.” Kramer
attacked Fauci relentlessly in the media. He called him an “incompetent
idiot” and a “pill-pushing” tool of the medical establishment, insulted his
wife, and even compared him to Adolf Eichmann. In 1988, Kramer
published a scathing open letter. “Anthony Fauci, you are a murderer,”
he wrote. “Your refusal to hear the screams of AIDS activists early in the
crisis resulted in the deaths of thousands of Queers.”

As the epidemic spread and the death toll rose, it was common for gay
activists to view Fauci and NIAID with rage. Fauci did not control the
drug-approval process, but he was seen as a barrier to opening access to
clinical trials, in which volunteers could receive potentially lifesaving
medications.

For most people infected with H.I.V., taking experimental drugs was the
only alternative to simply waiting for death. Yet the F.D.A.’s arcane
rules prevented the vast majority of patients from qualifying for trials.
For instance, a significant number of H.I.V. patients suffered from
pneumocystis pneumonia. The condition—the same one observed in the
initial C.D.C. report—could be fatal, so many who had it used an
experimental antimicrobial medication called pentamidine, which had
proved highly effective. But people who took experimental medications
were barred from participating 1n other clinical trials.

At first, Fauci held to the standard N.I.H. line that research need not
focus on the immediate welfare of patients. “When we had clinical trials,
we, the scientific community and the regulatory community, did not
listen” to the activists, he recalled. “It was, at the time, an attitude that
many of us had, and I probably had it myself.” He was right about that. I
covered the AIDS epidemic for the Washington Post, and it was clear to
me that Fauci was inclined to enforce the paternalistic medical tradition
in which he had trained: doctors and scientists were unquestioned
