Dr. Aylward, who has 30 years experience in fighting polio, Ebola and other global health emergencies,
detailed in an interview with The New York Times how he thinks the campaign against the virus should
be run.

This conversation has been edited and condensed.

Do we know what this virus’s lethality is? We hear some estimates that it’s close to the 1918 Spanish
flu, which killed 2.5 percent of its victims, and others that it’s a little worse than the seasonal flu,
which kills only 0.1 percent. How many cases are missed affects that.

There’s this big panic in the West over asymptomatic cases. Many people are asymptomatic when
tested, but develop symptoms within a day or two.

In Guangdong, they went back and retested 320,000 samples originally taken for influenza surveillance
and other screening. Less than 0.5 percent came up positive, which is about the same number as the
1,500 known Covid cases in the province. (Covid-19 is the medical name of the illness caused by the
coronavirus.)

There is no evidence that we’re seeing only the tip of a grand iceberg, with nine-tenths of it made up of
hidden zombies shedding virus. What we’re seeing is a pyramid: most of it is aboveground.

Once we can test antibodies in a bunch of people, maybe I'll be saying, “Guess what? Those data didn’t
tell us the story.” But the data we have now don’t support it.

That’s good, if there’s little asymptomatic transmission. But it’s bad in that it implies that the death
rates we’ve seen — from 0.7 percent in parts of China to 5.8 percent in Wuhan — are correct, right?
I’ve heard it said that “the mortality rate is not so bad because there are actually way more mild cases.”
Sorry — the same number of people that were dying, still die. The real case fatality rate is probably what
it is outside Hubei Province, somewhere between 1 and 2 percent.

ate

. ore a .

J

 

Patients waiting to be transferred from one e hospital i in Wuhan to Leishenshan Hospital, a newly built
medical center to address the epidemic that is also in Wuhan, China.Credit...Agence France-Presse —
Getty Images

NIH-000916
