To: Billet, Courtney (NIH/NIAID) [EJ OY
Ce: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) (EJ >

Subject: Re: Dr. Anthony Fauci & Avi Schiffman/The Webby Awards
H! Courtney,

This would be a pre-recorded message with Dr Fauci solo. He would set up Avi’s award and help to
celebrate his Webby moment for him. Avi will be sending us his 5 word Webby speech which will then
follow Dr. Fauci's intro. Below is a draft of the introduction for him, let us know if he would like to make
any edits/changes. I’ve also attached the format for taping on his phone/computer. Please let me know
if you need any additional information and hoping we can make it work.

Thank you so much
Best

Lesley

DR. FAUCI:

I’m Dr. Anthony Fauci. Unfortunately, you’ve seen a lot of me lately. But thankfully, I’m here to present
some good news and I’m excited for the opportunity to shine some light on one of the many young
people who have stepped up and helped us throughout a difficult time.

The 24th Annual Webby Awards would like to honor Avi Schiffmann as the 2020 Person of the Year to
recognize his creation of ncov2019.live to track the spread of COVID-19 across the world.

As we collectively navigate the severe impact of COVID-19, including the difficult, but critical calls for
nationwide social distancing, the Internet has become the lifeblood of people looking for accurate
information about the novel coronavirus and the necessary steps to combat it.

Since launching the site on December 29th, Schiffmann’s tracking tool has been an invaluable resource
that sounded the alarm on the virus and its spread, notably calling attention to its severity long before
many global officials.

At a time when the spread of misinformation can be so detrimental to our efforts, the site has provided
over 600 million visitors with accurate real-time data. Schiffmann has helped people around the globe
understand COVID-19 and the necessity of upgrades to current health care systems and the importance
of measures to flatten the curve.

For having the foresight to track the global spread of COVID-19 and for creating an essential website to
provide real-time data about the virus to people everywhere, it is my great privilege to honor Avi
Schiffmann as the 2020 Webby Person of the Year.
