From:
Sent: Sat, 4 Apr 2020 15:42:37 -0400

To: Stuart Coulter
Subject: Re: Early Successes in Clinical Trial on COVID-19 Patients with High Dose IV
Vitamin C

Thanks, Stuart. I appreciate your sending me this information. | will pass it on to relevant
program people.

Best regards,

Tony

On Apr 4, 2020, at 3:38 PM, Stuart Coulter fT) >wrote:

Dear Dr. Fauci,

Early Successes in Clinical Trial on COVID-19 Patients with High Dose IV Vitamin C
Thank you for the invaluable work that you are doing in guiding the United States
through the current COVID-19 pandemic.

| hope that you do not mind me contacting you, but | wanted to bring your
attention to a clinical trial that is currently taking place in China on COVID-19
patients with high dose IV Vitamin C.

There are reports of some early successes with this treatment and | wondered if
this could be a possible stop gap treatment - that could possibly save many lives -
while we await the development of suitable drug treatments and a reliable
vaccine.

The trial in China is not due to conclude until September of this year, however,
previous trials of I|V Vitamin C have shown it to be a very safe treatment with little
or no adverse side effects. | have read that the Northwell Hospital Group in New
York, which operates 23 hospitals, have already started to give this treatment

to many of their COVID-19 patients.

This treatment also appears to meet the normally required criteria for a clinic trial.
The treatment has been shown to be:

1) Effective (Please see the link below to the promising trial results currently taking
place in China).

2) Safe (The treatment has been shown to be safe in many previous trials going
back well over 40 years).

3) Correct dosage is understood (The dosage is fully understood - please see the
attached Protocol).

4) The correct patients to give this treatment to (Virtually everyone in hospital
infected with COVID-19).

5) The correct time in the illness to give the treatment (As soon as the infected
patient comes into hospital).

NIH-000046
