Since we are both physicians, we have been following the details of the COVID-
19 outbreak closely. My husband was researching the anti-viral drug remdesivir
this morning, and he came across some articles from Chinese studies that
indicated a very well-known drug called hydroxychloroquine (already widely
used for 70 years to treat malaria and rheumatological diseases) had very
potent activity against COVID-19 infection and pneumonia. This was rather
surprising to us, but as we read about the study and the characteristics of
hydroxychloroquine, we realized that this could be a very good drug to use for the
treatment of high-risk patients infected with COVID-19, who might deteriorate
rapidly and progress to hospitalization and need for ICU care. Remdesivir also
seems like an excellent anti-viral drug, but it is given intravenously, and is
probably reserved for COVID-19 patients who are already entering into severe
respiratory distress in the hospital.

Hydroxychloroquine, on the other hand, is given orally, and is cheap and readily
available.

Low doses (6.5 mg / kg) have been effective in the management of Systemic
Lupus Erythematosus and Rheumatoid Arthritis. 200 mg tablets are usually
prescribed twice a day with meals; dosage can be increased up to the
recommended 6.5 mg/kg if the patient tolerates the lower dose. We wondered if
the low dose hydroxychloroquine would be able to be studied quickly in various
COVID-19 patients, especially those who are older and / or with medical
conditions that put them at higher risk for pneumonia and complications
(cardiovascular disease, chronic pulmonary disease, hypertension, diabetes,
etc.). In addition, hydroxychloroquine may even be a useful drug to prevent the
development of pneumonia in patients diagnosed with COVID-19.

Because hydroxychloroquine in an older drug that is generic, current
pharmaceutical companies have no incentive to do studies or research on its
effectiveness for any new medical conditions. Therefore, the federal

government would most likely have to construct and fund the studies. Perhaps
Dr. Fauci has already considered this kind of study with hydroxychloroquine.

We understand that vaccines are already being studied, and Israel is working on
an oral (pill) vaccine. Vaccines take time to go through testing and trials, which is
why we are suggesting to you that studies be done on hydroxychloroquine, a
readily-available oral drug that could “bridge the gap” to provide some potential

NIH-001 153
