CNN

Elizabeth.Cohen@turner.com

Topic: Statement by ASF during Saturday NAS web briefing
Deadline: urgent

Hi Patty,

Elizabeth would like to clarify something that Dr. Fauci apparently said about remdesivir
during his NAS web briefing on Saturday. The transcribed segment of the talk that she is
focused on says:

“Remdesivir is the one that’s gotten the most publicity. It is interesting that if you look at it
in a prophylactic therapeutic model in MERS coronavirus infection, it looked pretty good.
There was Clinical benefits just reported a couple of weeks ago of SARS coronavirus 2 in
rhesus macaques.”

She wants to clarify what Dr. Fauci meant by looking at remdesivir “in a prophylactic
therapeutic model in MERS”—whether this means in an animal model or something else. It
sounds like that phrase is referring to the RML study in which remdesivir successfully
prevented disease in MERS-infected rhesus macaques, as reported in the Feb. 13 NIAID
media availability pasted below. Is that correct?

Best,
Laura

Remdesivir Prevents MERS Coronavirus Disease in Monkeys

Results Support Testing Antiviral Against 2019 Novel Coronavirus

February 13, 2020

The experimental antiviral remdesivir successfully prevented disease in rhesus macaques
infected with Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV), according to a
new study from National Institutes of Health scientists. Remdesivir prevented disease
when administered before infection and improved the condition of macaques when given
after the animals already were infected.

The new report from NIH’s National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID)
appears in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.

MERS-CoV is closely related to the 2019 novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2, previously known
as 2019-nCoV) that has grown to be a global public health emergency since cases were first
detected in Wuhan, China, in December.

Remdesivir has previously protected animals against a variety of viruses in lab
experiments. The drug has been shown experimentally to effectively treat monkeys
infected with Ebola and Nipah viruses. Remdesivir also has been investigated as a
treatment for Ebola virus disease in people.

The current study was conducted at NIAID’s Rocky Mountain Laboratories in Hamilton,
Montana. The work involved three groups of animals: those treated with remdesivir 24
