From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Mon, 24 Feb 2020 22:33:02 +0000
To: Billet, Courtney (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: FW: Virus Transmission

NIAID inquiries, please

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone:

FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail: ©
The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive information. It
should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you have received this e-mail in error
please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any other storage devices. The National Institute of
Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own
and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

 

----- Original Message-----

From: DANIEL GAGNON (SVS
Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 3:49 PM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] [6 >

Subject: Virus Transmission

 

Hi Dr. Fauci:

| have been a long time admirer of you in the field of modern medicine. This question I have relates to the current
Coronavirus circulating around the world. For many years I have informed people that the ways a virus can be
passed trom person to person isn’t always by a sneeze, cough or by touching someones face with their hands. Has
anyone in your medical community thoughi that if someone were smoking and was an infected person that once they
expel the smoke particles into the air that those micro smoke particles may contain viruses that were in the
respiratory system of an infected person. Everyone I mention this to don’t believe that this is possible. What are your
thoughts on this matter? If so why hasn’t the medical community warned the public about this possibility as I stay
away from all establishments that allow smoking on their premises.

Thank you,

Daniel Gagnon

 

   

NIH-001429
