Ari is also calling me frequently. The virus has adapted itself very well
to humans with considerable community transmission (certainly in
China) now in other countries such as South Korea, Japan, Iran, Italy,
etc. If it continues to spread via multiple generations of human to
human transmission, then we will not be able to avoid considerable
amounts of infections and spread in the USA. Seasonal influenza has a
mortality of 0.1%. The calculated mortality of COVID-19 to about 2.5
%. It is probably lower since the denominator is likely larger than we
appreciate due to asymptomatic infections. Even if the mortality goes
down to 0.5%, that is still equivalent to a pandemic influenza of 1957
or 1968. In other words, it could be worse than you think.

Tony

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone: (b)

FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail:
The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may
contain sensitive information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original
intended recipient. If you have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender
and delete it from your mailbox or any other storage devices. The National Institute of
Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements
made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by
one of its representatives.

 

From: Emanuel, Ezekiel J{@—" O©}
Sent: Tuesday, February 25, 2020 10:47 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] [ (b) O) >

Subject:
Tony,

Ari is pestering me endlessly. What is your latest update and assessment on
coronavirus? | still am having a hard time seeing this as serious as everyone
else. Am | blind? Yes very transmissible but low mortality like flu in many
ways—the elderly, those with comorbidities, and total impact is likely to be
less than flu. Also travel restrictions are delaying but not stopping virus.

NIH-001360
