 

wDr. Anthony Fauci’s
calm, reassuring competence in response to the coronavirus pandemic is placing him at serious risk of
hearing the words that made his boss famous: You're fired. Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post

Dr. Anthony Fauci is a bum.

A quack, a snake oil salesman.

He got his degrees online, not from Holy Cross and Cornell.

He watches Wheel of Fortune but not Jeopardy.

He’s a Yankees fan.

Such character assassination is unsavory but necessary because Fauci’s calm, reassuring competence in
response to the coronavirus pandemic is placing him at serious risk of hearing the words that made his
boss famous: You’re fired.

President Trump is watching and listening to the same thing we are, i.e., Fauci going to the podium to
rebut with facts the latest outbreak of paranoid anxiety or the president’sregularly reckless
statements.

Fauci is an oasis of rigor and reason in a barren desert of confusion and fear.

Which, given who he works for, makes him an endangered species.

During the Vietnam War, some US Army officer supposedly suggested that in order to save a village
from the Vietcong they had to destroy it.

And so, to save Dr. Fauci, we must destroy him — at least in Trump’s eyes.

Now that might sound crazy, but we’re dealing with a crazy president in crazy circumstances.

It’s not as if there’s no relevant precedent here.

Two words: Bill Bratton.

Two other words: Rudy Giuliani. Who happens to be Trump’s BFF.

Before Giuliani grew old, deranged, and more qualified to be a spokesman for Miracle Ear than the
president’s lawyer, he was the reform-minded mayor of New York City.

Rudy rode into Dodge, which is what Times Square resembled at the time, and vowed to clean it up. His
hand-picked sheriff was Dorchester’s own Bill Bratton.

As police commissioner, Bratton did much to stem violent crime in the nation’s biggest city, but even
more remarkably got his cops to reduce the incidence of more minor, so-called quality of life crimes that

NIH-000258
