Virology, which is the premier lab in China that studies bat and human coronaviruses, has also come
under fire. “Experts debunk fringe theory linking China’s coronavirus to weapons research,” read a
headline on a story in The Washington Post that focused on the facility.

Concerns about the institute predate this outbreak. Nature ran a story in 2017 about it building a new
biosafety level 4 lab and included molecular biologist Richard Ebright of Rutgers University, Piscataway,
expressing concerns about accidental infections, which he noted repeatedly happened with lab workers
handling SARS in Beijing. Ebright, who has a long history of raising red flags about studies with
dangerous pathogens, also in 2015 criticized an experiment in which modifications were made to a
SARS-like virus circulating in Chinese bats to see whether it had the potential to cause disease in
humans. Earlier this week, Ebright questioned the accuracy of Bedford’s calculation that there are at
least 25 years of evolutionary distance between RaTG13—the virus held in the Wuhan virology
institute—and 2019-nCoV, arguing that the mutation rate may have been different as it passed through
different hosts before humans. Ebright tells Sciencelnsider that the 2019-nCoV data are “consistent with
entry into the human population as a natural accident.”

Shi did not reply to emails from Science, but her longtime collaborator, disease ecologist Peter Daszak of
the EcoHealth Alliance, dismissed Ebright’s conjecture. “Every time there’s an emerging disease, a new
virus, the same story comes out: This is a spillover or the release of an agent or a bioengineered virus,”
Daszak says. “It’s just a shame. It seems humans can’t resist controversy and these myths, yet it’s staring
us right in the face. There’s this incredible diversity of viruses in wildlife and we’ve just scratched the
surface. Within that diversity, there will be some that can infect people and within that group will be
some that cause iliness. ”

 

A team of researchers from the Wuhan Institute of Virology and the EcoHealth Alliance have trapped
bats in caves all over China, like this one in Guangdong, to sample them for coronaviruses.

EcoHealth Alliance

Daszak and Shi’s group have for 8 years been trapping bats in caves around China to sample their feces
and blood for viruses. He says they have sampled more than 10,000 bats and 2000 other species. They
have found some 500 novel coronaviruses, about 50 of which fall relatively close to the SARS virus on
the family tree, including RaTG13—it was fished out of a bat fecal sample they collected in 2013 from a
cave in Moglang in Yunnan province. “We cannot assume that just because this virus from Yunnan has
high sequence identity with the new one that that’s the origin,” Daszak says, noting that only a tiny
fraction of coronaviruses that infect bats have been discovered. “I expect that once we’ve sampled and
sampled and sampled across southern China and central China that we’re going to find many other
viruses and some of them will be closer [to 2019-nCov].”

NIH-002430
