2. lranian cases, though mysterious since the origin was not traced to China, may very well
show that COVID-19 virus is very adaptable and mutating rapidly.

3, Long recovery The long recovery period is troubesome and must be taken seriously by
health providers as they prepare for hospitalization. Therei s not much surge capacity in
hospitals. So they must be innoative in the staggering process and isolation is of
paramount importance. Government/Local should be readied for supplementing medical
tents outside hospitals when needed (clearly extra staff too).

4. Citizes' view | was traveling so | did a real-time on-the-road analysis of human behavior
and anxiety level. | overheard many people

-- (a) asked when CDC would tell us more on what to do.

-- (b) wish they could pull their kids out of school but there is no such option as part of the
preventive measure (not announced by CDC).

-- (c) wish CDC would recommend tele-work options so they don't have to travel and
expose themselves and their family to unneccessary risk.

-- (d) have no clue what the government is doing to keep the risk low as it is now. What
exactly is being implemented to keep it low.

5. Resource-limited countries | pray that it would not reach the resource-limited countries
like many in Africa (though it seems unavoidable). | cannot imagine the consequence.

6. What we must do: We must leverage the knowledge from other countries to better
prepare ourselves. Japan's Crusis shows the importance of TIMELY proper isolation and
STRATEGIC operations logistics in testing and in quarantine. South Korea (contrasting with
Hong Kong, Singapore) demonstrates critical importance of EARLY social distancing and
high compliance community NPI intervention. China's latest lockdown of 1/2 billion people
truly signifies that gravity and unchartered terrority of this virus. No country would take to
such extreme measure.

7. CFR Since over 90% of influenza is never recorded/known, this COVID-19 seems to fall
into similar spirit now, with so many cases of asymptomtic and transmission while
incubating. While the true CFR remains unknown, the CFR of tested positive cases should
offer a good comparison to the CFR of tested positive flu cases. That gives us a clearer
estimate of health-resource burden.

 

Sent with ProtonMail Secure Email.

anana-- Original Message -------
On Saturday, February 22, 2020 10:19 PM, Carter Mecherf

 

Updates

NIH-001467
