According to Xinhua, the state-run news agency, “environmental sampling” of the Wuhan seafood
market has found evidence of 2019-nCoV. Of the 585 samples tested, 33 were positive for 2019-nCoV
and all were in the huge market’s western portion, which is where wildlife were sold. “The positive
tests from the wet market are hugely important,” says Edward Holmes, an evolutionary biologist at
the University of Sydney who collaborated with the first group to publicly release a 2019-nCoV
sequence. “Such a high rate of positive tests would strongly imply that animals in the market played a
key role inthe emergence of the virus.”
Yet there have been no preprints or official scientific reports on the sampling, so it’s not clear which,
if any, animals tested positive. “Until you consistently isolate the virus out of a single species, it’s
really, really difficult to try and determine what the natural host is,” says Kristian Andersen, an
evolutionary biologist at Scripps Research.
One possible explanation for the confusion about where the virus first entered humans is if there was
a batch of recently infected animals sold at different marketplaces. Or an infected animal trader could
have transmitted the virus to different people at different markets. Or, Bedford suggests, those early
cases could have been infected by viruses that didn’t easily transmit and sputtered out. “It would be
hugely helpful to have just a sequence or two from the marketplace [environmental sampling] that
could illuminate how many zoonoses occurred and when they occurred,” Bedford says.
: me i ‘ex:

 

ston.
A research group sent fecal
Institute of Virology to search for coronaviruses.
EcoHealth Alliance

In the absence of clear conclusions about the outbreak’s origin, theories thrive, and some have been
scientifically shaky. A sequence analysis led by Wei Ji of Peking University and published online by the
Journal of Medical Virology received substantial press coverage when it suggested that “snake is the
most probable wildlife animal reservoir for the 2019-nCoV.” Sequence specialists, however, pilloried
it.

Conspiracy theories also abound. A CBC News report about the Canadian government deporting
Chinese scientists who worked in a Winnipeg lab that studies dangerous pathogens was distorted on
social media to suggest that they were spies who had smuggled out coronaviruses. The Wuhan
Institute of Virology, which is the premier lab in China that studies bat and human coronaviruses, has
also come under fire. “Experts debunk fringe theory linking China’s coronavirus to weapons
research,” read a headline ona story in The Washington Post that focused on the facility.

Concerns about the institute predate this outbreak. Nature ran a story in 2017 about it building a new
biosafety level 4 lab and included molecular biologist Richard Ebright of Rutgers University,
Piscataway, expressing concerns about accidental infections, which he noted repeatedly happened

NIH-002400
