From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Sun, 23 Feb 2020 14:26:22 +0000
To: Theodore Li

Subject: RE: Covid-19 question

Ted:

Thanks for the note. Since she is 22 days out of Singapore she would be well beyond the 14
day quarantine used for people who are coming out of risk zones. And so although her risk is
never zero, it is really very low. If she were coming from Japan or South Korea, which are
experiencing an emerging outbreak, | might feel a little different, but Singapore has good
infection control despite the number of cases in that country Given her history of recent
Shingrix vaccination, | would wait another day to see if her fever breaks. | agree that! would
keep her at home for now. | do not think it would come to that, but if you want to get testing
done, it still would have to go to the CDC via the Virginia department of health. Bottom line is
that | would sit tight for now and see how she does over the next day or so. If things change,
do not hesitate to call or e-mail me.

Best,
Tony

From: Theodore Lif @]>
Sent: Sunday, February 23, 2020 9:11 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] 0) 6)
Subject: Covid-19 question

 

Hi Tony,

The wife of one of my patients received the Shingrix vaccine on Thursday 2/20 and developed
fever to 101.4 the following day with malaise, headache, mild nausea (no respiratory
symptoms). She's taken ibuprofen with transient temperature reduction; the fever and
symptoms are the same today.

BUT ...she and her daughter were in Singapore where they stayed at the
Cc" 5G, visited (89 and the (OG. They then flew to
Colombo, Sri Lanka before returning via Europe last 6 tof). So her
fever began 3 weeks plus 1 day after being in Singapore.

I've told her to keep treating the fever and symptoms but to stay at home for now. The fever
after Shingrix usually resolves after 2-3 days so I'd expect it to abate today or tomorrow. My
question is whether there's enough of a concern, viz. the time in Singapore, for her to be tested
for covid-19. If so, what's the best way to conduct the testing? Or is it okay to see if her fever
breaks by tomorrow?

(You must be getting lots of these questions).

Best,
Ted

NIH-001618
