quarantine an important prevention measure—and casts doubt on the efficacy of temperature checks,
the main screening method at immigration and other checkpoints.

“For a given level of transmissibility, more asymptomatic transmission makes a disease harder to
control,” said Christ] A. Donnelly, a professor at University of Oxford and Imperial College London.

The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which warns against nonessential travel to China,
says it isn’t clear how easily or sustainably the virus is spreading between people, but notes its ability to
spread from infected patients without symptoms to close contacts within about 6 feet.

A study led by a researcher from Boston’s Northeastern University—using mathematical probability
models based on travel patterns and confirmed international cases—estimated the median number of
infections in Wuhan at 31,200 as of Wednesday, compared with that day’s official tally of 2,261.
Professors at the University of Hong Kong using similar methods published a study in the Lancet on
Friday that estimated there were 75,815 infected in Wuhan as of Jan. 25, when official counts were still
in the hundreds.

“We think only 1 in 20 people who are getting infected are actually being diagnosed” in Wuhan, said
Jonathan M. Read, lead author of a study from Britain’s Lancaster University that also put Wuhan
numbers in the tens of thousands as of Jan. 22. “It’s quite a bit more transmissible than seasonal flu.”
Several recent studies published by scientists estimate that each person infected will, on average, infect
two to three others. Epidemiologists call that the reproduction number.

A reproduction number over 2 suggests an epidemic will expand rapidly, while below 1 suggests the
problem is dwindling. Estimates of the reproduction number differ widely, with some studies using
probability models and others based on regression analysis of cases over different time periods.

Still, “they all point in the same direction,” said Christian L. Althaus, an epidemiologist at the University
of Bern in Switzerland who co-wrote a study estimating the basic reproduction number of the virus at
2.2. “There is a potential threat of a global pandemic if this reproduction number cannot be reduced.”
In Japan, a local bus driver in his 60s tested positive after he drove tourists from Wuhan, none of whom
had exhibited severe symptoms. In Germany, four employees at an auto-parts supplier contracted the
virus after attending a training session with a colleague from China, according to the company. The
Chinese woman didn’t exhibit symptoms, but started feeling ill on her flight home, where she tested
positive for the new coronavirus.

A study published in the New England Journal of Medicine study by Chinese authors including at the
Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention says the virus spread between people as early as
mid-December. The researchers analyzed 425 patients, with more than half of the cases linked to the
Huanan seafood wholesale market where authorities believe the virus first spread to humans from wild
animals.

The researchers started identifying and collecting cases around the start of the year, by interviewing
patients, relatives and other close contacts. They estimated the reproduction number at 2.2 and said
that the majority of patients weren’t hospitalized until after five days of being ill.

Researchers of recent studies cautioned that even their estimates of the virus’ reproduction number are
based on early and incomplete data and only assess its potential to spread before travel restrictions and
other control measures begin. Thereafter, the reproduction number can vary depending on those
measures’ effectiveness and other circumstances of the outbreak.

Chinese officials have said the outbreak could peak or even begin to subside by Feb. 8, though some
overseas experts have suggested the outbreak might not peak for several weeks.

They note that the reproduction number doesn’t necessarily predict an outbreak’s severity, as many
other factors come into play. Measles, for example, has a reproduction number of 12 to 18, but doesn’t
spread that fast because there is a widely used vaccine.

As yet, there are no vaccines for the new coronavirus, so Chinese authorities are relying on physical
intervention measures, including locking down entire cities and forced quarantine.

NIH-002209
