Infection control supplies have been depleted in medical facilities in the smaller cities in
central China; the situation is critical in many areas and resupply is uncertain. Travelers
who develop fever and respiratory symptoms within 14 days of travel to Wuhan should
immediately be isolated, and public health authorities should be alerted.

Employees, Students, Visitors, All Others Coming from Wuhan

Whether asymptomatic individuals infected with 2019-nCoV are infectious to others is
unknown. Influenza viruses can be transmitted 1 to 2 days prior to symptom onset.
SARS-CoV did not transmit until 4 days after symptom onset, which led to its
eradication because all contacts with fever could be promptly identified and isolated.

If 2019-nCovV is similar to SARS-CoV, asymptomatic arrivals from Wuhan should self-
monitor by taking a temperature reading immediately prior to coming into the workplace
or school for 14 days after their last exposure in Wuhan. Arrivals with fever at any time
should self-report to public health authorities (or telephone ahead before presenting to
a hospital) and should wear a mask as soon as possible. A more stringent approach
would require that an employee, student, or visitor—upon arrival to a workplace or
school—be instructed to perform an additional temperature check in the presence of
medical personnel to ensure compliance with local self-monitoring requirements. In
addition, prior to any gathering of 2 2 persons, attendees could be required to perform
additional self-monitoring.

Based on advanced information and employee or visitor medical screening, additional
preventive measures may be required (e.g., increased ventilation, larger meeting rooms
with more personal space per participant, disinfection of work areas and lavatories, and
provision of alcohol wipes).

The most cautious approach would be for arrivals to stay at home or in a hotel for 14
days after their last possible exposure in China. To date, all known cases exported to
other countries had either visited Wuhan or had contact with an ill person from Wuhan
while in China.

Sent from my magical iPad!

On Jan 29, 2020, at 2:46 PM, Richard Tubb <bg.richard.tubb@gmail.com>
wrote:

Richard J. Tubb, MD
Brigadier General (retired)
White House Physician Emeritus

NIH-002139
