U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases who studies coronaviruses in bats, camels, and
others species.

Strong evidence suggests the marketplace played an early role in spreading 2019-nCoV, but whether it
was the origin of the outbreak remains uncertain. Many of the initially confirmed 2019-nCoV cases—27
of the first 41 in one report, 26 of 47 in another—were connected to the Wuhan market, but up to 45%,
including the earliest handful, were not. This raises the possibility that the initial jump into people
happened elsewhere.

According to Xinhua, the state-run news agency, “environmental sampling” of the Wuhan seafood
market has found evidence of 2019-nCoV. Of the 585 samples tested, 33 were positive for 2019-nCoV
and all were in the huge market's western portion, which is where wildlife were sold. “The positive tests
from the wet market are hugely important,” says Edward Holmes, an evolutionary biologist at the
University of Sydney who collaborated with the first group to publicly release a 2019-nCoV sequence.
“Such a high rate of positive tests would strongly imply that animals in the market played a key role in
the emergence of the virus.”

Yet there have been no preprints or official scientific reports on the sampling, so it’s not clear which, if
any, animals tested positive. “Until you consistently isolate the virus out of a single species, it’s really,
really difficult to try and determine what the natural host is,” says Kristian Andersen, an evolutionary
biologist at Scripps Research.

One possible explanation for the confusion about where the virus first entered humans is if there was a
batch of recently infected animals sold at different marketplaces. Or an infected animal trader could
have transmitted the virus to different people at different markets. Or, Bedford suggests, those early
cases could have been infected by viruses that didn’t easily transmit and sputtered out. “It would be
hugely helpful to have just a sequence or two from the marketplace [environmental sampling] that
could illuminate how many zoonoses occurred and when they occurred,” Bedford says.

wy
2 ee Ns in
*. ar >
a a

 

    
   
 

wna a . SRS : =n
A research group sent fecal and other bodily samples from bats they trapped in caves to the Wuhan
Institute of Virology to search for coronaviruses.

EcoHealth Alliance

In the absence of clear conclusions about the outbreak’s origin, theories thrive, and some have been
scientifically shaky. A sequence analysis led by Wei Ji of Peking University and published online by the
Journal of Medical Virology received substantial press coverage when it suggested that “snake is the
most probable wildlife animal reservoir for the 2019-nCoV.” Sequence specialists, however, pilloried it.
Conspiracy theories also abound. A CBC News report about the Canadian government deporting Chinese
scientists who worked in a Winnipeg lab that studies dangerous pathogens was distorted on social
media to suggest that they were spies who had smuggled out coronaviruses. The Wuhan Institute of

   

NIH-002429
