5. Continue to address the usual mix of healthcare needs for patients
(from outpatient care to acute care to mental health care to long
term care)

a. Outpatient clinics and providers focus on wellness to
minimize ER visits/hospitalization to unburden the acute
care system—leverage telehealth

b. Continue to provide acute care and inpatient mental health
care (continuum of ER-inpatient care-intensive care) for non-
COVID conditions

c. Protect high-risk patients in residential/long term care
(nursing homes, hospice, long term psychiatry, etc.)

The notional conops divides the healthcare system into hot and safe
areas. The hot area is only acute care: ER-acute inpatient care-ICU
care. The safe areas include a separate acute care area (ER-acute
inpatient care-ICU care), all the outpatient clinics/care, other inpatient
care areas such as mental health, as well as long term/residential care
(nursing home, hospice, long term psychiatry, etc.).

Triage will not be easy (between hot and safe). Best I could come up
with would be: (1) anyone already on home isolation or home
quarantine (may need a medical record flag); (2) anyone with ILI (could
narrow that down with a negative rapid flu test); (3) anyone with a sick
household member with suspected COVID. Could be very difficult for
an unconscious/confused, or trauma patient etc., but would probably err
on the side of hot and think of additional layered strategies to minimize
patient risk within that area (private rooms, patient PPE?). Triage
would need to err on the side of keeping the safe area safe.

The mitigation measures are our best tools to reduce community
transmission and reduce the probability of an infectious patient getting
into a safe area. If we have a breach in a safe inpatient area, it pretty
much converts that inpatient area into a hot area. That also means that
we have the staff in that area exposed (because of limited availability of
PPE, the staff in the safe area would not be PPE—PPE would have been
directed to the staff in the hot area). Those staff would likely need to be
placed on quarantine. The effect is we now have a much larger hot area
with even fewer staff. That would really be a mess.

NIH-001476
