Update on the Diamond Princess Cruise Ship in Japan

We commend the extraordinary efforts by the Government of Japan to institute quarantine
measures onboard the Diamond Princess. While the quarantine potentially conferred a
significant public health benefit in slowing transmission, CDC’s assessment is that it may not
have been sufficient to prevent transmission among individuals on the ship. CDC believes the
rate of new infections on board, especially among those without symptoms, represents an
ongoing risk. Therefore, to protect the health of the American public, all passengers and crew of
the ship have been placed under travel restrictions, preventing them from returning to the United
States for at least 14 days after they had left the Diamond Princess.

Currently, there are more than 100 U.S. citizens still onboard the Diamond Princess cruise ship
or in hospitals in Japan. These citizens have been placed under the restrictions, as have the ship’s
other passengers and crew.

After disembarkation from the Diamond Princess, these passengers and crew will be required to
wait 14 days without having symptoms or a positive coronavirus test result before they are
permitted to board flights to the United States.

If an individual from this cruise arrives in the United States before the 14-day period ends, they
will still be subject to a mandatory quarantine until they have completed the 14-day period with
no symptoms or positive coronavirus test results.

Because of their high-risk exposure, there may be additional confirmed cases of COVID-19
among the remaining passengers on board the Diamond Princess.

CDC is committed to protecting the health and safety of all Americans. We continue to believe
that the risk of exposure to COVID-19 to the general public in the United States 1s currently

low. The U.S. Government is taking these measures to protect the Diamond Princess passengers
and crew, their loved ones, the traveling public, and communities within the United States.

Hitt

U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

CDC works 24/7 protecting America’s health, safety and security. Whether diseases start at
home or abroad, are curable or preventable, chronic or acute, or from human activity or
deliberate attack, CDC responds to America’s most pressing health threats. CDC is
headquartered in Atlanta and has experts located throughout the United States and the world.

If you would like to unsubscribe from this ListServ LIST, please send an email to
LIST@cdc.gov, enter CDC in the email Subject, and include the following "one" line in the
Body of the email: signoff MMWR-MEDIA

NIH-001767
