From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Sun, 22 Mar 2020 23:06:12 +0000
To: Lerner, Andrea (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: FW: Antibody Tests and Follow-on Use of ‘Survivors’

From: Estes, Franklin J (Frank) LTC USARMY 335 SIG CMD (USA)E

Sent: Sunday, March 22, 2020 12:30 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) (E] (©) @}>

Subject: Antibody Tests and Follow-on Use of ‘Survivors’

Dr. Fauci,

I apologize in advance for bugging you but please read and pass along to the appropriate person, if
useful.

In the coming weeks, an antibody test for COVID-19 should be available (I suspect). As ‘survivors’ are
identified in the general population and are determined to be largely ‘immune’ to COVID-19, I think those
people should be given the opportunity to administer testing to others in the general population. The
employment of VOLUNTEER survivors in the administration of tests would allow immune individuals to
quickly learn how to collect samples and deal with potential infected patients face-to-face without fear of
jeopardizing their own health or the health of the communities in which they live. This would free up
highly trained nurses and doctors from testing and have an exponential benefit as survivors administer
tests for infection and tests for antibodies and, thus, identify additional survivors. This would support
more aggressive testing to bring about the eventual end of this virus when we try to identify every last
infected individual who needs to be quarantined.

Note: I understand we haven’t yet determined whether survivors can be re-infected. So early volunteers
may be subjected to further sickness. But the rate of re-infection should be less as a percentage than
the rate of infection among the general population. And re-infection would likely be less severe.

Note2: Creating a VOLUNTARY REIGSTRY of survivors (those with sufficient antibodies) may have a
secondary benefit to businesses. It would allow businesses to quickly hire employees who could come in
contact with the general public (thinking of current food delivery, grocery stores, daycare...and
later...teachers, anyone in the medical or dental field, other retail businesses).

I do understand my recommendations would generate HIPAA concerns but these are extraordinary times
which call for out-of-the-box ideas...and this would all be voluntary.

Thank you for taking a couple of minutes to read this and thank you for managing a very difficult crisis.
You and others on your team have saved a lot of lives and we are eternally grateful.

Respectfully,

Frank Estes
ay

   

1 (cell)

NIH-000333
