remdesivir in hospitalized adults diagnosed with COVID-19. This adaptive design trial will
allow for the addition of new treatment arms as promising new therapeutics for COVID-19
become available. Eventually, this trial may be expanded to include international sites,
potentially including some that have been affiliated with our INSIGHT Network in the

past. Three sites in Poland have participated in INSIGHT trials:

Site Name: Wroclawskie Centrum Zdrowia (Wroclaw)
Site Leader: Brygida Knysz

Site Name: Wojewodzki Szpital Zakazny (Warsaw)
Site Leader: Andrzej Jerzy Horban

Site Name: Uniwersytecki Szpital Kliniczny (Bialystok)
Site Leader: Robert Flisiak

It might be a good idea to let any Polish sites/investigators considering participation in this
trial know that ABM might have available funding to support international collaborative
research, if that is the case. This may be important information as Polish scientists interact
with other European scientists considering the development of a multi-site clinical trial.

In addition, there may be other opportunities for collaborative research engaging Polish
Institutions with access to COVID-19 patients, particularly through the sharing of biological
samples and research data. Another approach would be for interested Polish scientists to
explore shared interests with U.S. colleagues who are planning to apply for COVID-19
funding in response to current Funding Opportunity Announcements in the NIH Guide to
Grants and Contracts. To do what we can to facilitate possible collaborations, we would
also welcome receiving additional information on specific COVID-19 research interests,
capabilities and activities current in Poland.

Thank you again for reaching out to Dr. Fauci. We look forward to continuing to discuss
potential areas of collaboration.

Best regards,
F. Gray Handley
Associate Director for International Research Affairs
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
National Institute of Health
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

Tel: COO 5601 Fishers Lane, Room 1E50
Fax: 301 480 2954 Bethesda, MD 20892-9802
_——————— CY

Disclaimer:

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive information. It
should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you have received this e-mail in error
please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any other storage devices. National Institute of Allergy
and Infectious Diseases shall not accept liability for any statements made that are sender's own and not expressly

made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

NIH-000751
