end of February, the instructions were on the Internet, and the virus had
been re-created in laboratories around the world, by scientists seeking to
develop drugs and vaccines.

And yet, despite our mastery of molecular biology, we live in an era in
which someone can wake up with an infection in China—or France,
Australia, or any other place with an airport—and fly to San Francisco in
time for dinner, spreading the virus long before he suspects that there’s
anything wrong. For most of human history, a virus like COVID-19 might
have killed many people in the community where it originated, but then
stopped spreading. According to a comprehensive analysis carried out
by the 7imes, at least four hundred and thirty thousand people have
arrived in the U.S. on direct flights from China since the outbreak began.
Forty thousand have arrived in the two months since Trump imposed
restrictions on travellers from China trying to enter the country.

Fauci insists that an adequate defense against future pandemics will have
to be flexible. “I have been saying for eight, ten years that we should
make a list of microbes and try to develop a basic platform vaccine,” he
told me in 2016. A platform vaccine addresses an entire class of virus,
not just a particular strain. “We keep trying to develop a vaccine for one
thing—usually the last one—and it’s a waste of time,” he said. “Every
time we get hit, it is always something we didn’t expect. So, instead of
predetermining what it is you’re going to prepare for, make universal
platforms.”

Such an approach is eminently possible. Using gene-sequence
information and synthetic DNA, biologists are now capable of making
parts of a vaccine in advance. It takes almost no time to sequence a viral
strain, and with that information it should be possible to complete a
bespoke vaccine in a matter of weeks. “You could build a chassis for the
vaccine, and you would have it on the shelf,”’ Fauci said. “Then all you
would need to do is insert the gene of the protein you want to express
and make a gazillion doses and send it out.”

There are even more futuristic aspirations: the genomics pioneer J. Craig
Venter has proposed using a sort of 3-D printer to manufacture vaccines
on demand. It 1s already possible to print the nucleotides that make up
DNA and assemble them. Venter argues that, in the time it takes for an
