Listen to my chats with authors

From: "Butler, Jay C. (CDC/DDID/OD)" [7 }>

Date: Saturday, March 14, 2020 at 6:42 AM

To: Howard Bauchner <Howard.Bauchner@jamanetwork.org>, Tony Fauci
PD, Preeti Malani <pmalani@med.umich.edu>, Eli Perencevich <Eli-
perencevich@uiowa.edu>, Phil Fontanarosa <Phil.Fontanarosa@jamanetwork.org>
Subject: Re: Testing - JAMA - Important

  

[Warning External Email]

Good morning, Howard—some answers and non-answers. As is the case for most answers, the
most accurate is “it depends”, but | realize that is not helpful in busy clinical settings:

No symptoms -— get test positive — can you work

At this point in the pandemic, no. While we do not know what role asymptomatic infection
may play in transmission and it is plausible that someone who is NOT coughing and sneezing (or
any other respiratory droplet self-generating acts)is going to be less infectious than someone
who is, persons known to be infected should self-isolate. This, of course, is particularly
important for someone who has closed contact with someone at greater risk of severe illness
and health care providers.

Symptoms — test negative — can you work — or do you need 2 negatives — or the test has to be
done 2-3-4 days after you develop symptoms

Even before COVID-19, working while ill with a respiratory illness puts others at risk. Particularly
during when flu activity is high. Not toughing it out and going into work while sick is more
important now than ever and is an important component of social distancing—this is one of the
foundational ways that we distribute the impact of the pandemic over aS long of a period as
possible. (We are all getting good a drawing the two pandemic curves in the air on imaginary x-
and y-axes.). One of the critical areas where we need more data is on when someone who is
infected becomes test-positive. Presumably, test-positivity would correlate with viral load in
the respiratory tract and a + would indicate greater likelihood of infectiousness. But the real
challenge of the return-to-work issue lies in your next question:

Test positive — back to work when — do you need negative tests — or just time - ? 2 weeks after
first symptoms, first test positive.

Ah, there is the rub—currently, the recommendations vary—CDC has gone with 2 negative
swabs 24 hours apart, but we do not believe that positivity during recovery necessarily proves
infectiousness. This is a crucial question. We are reviewing the available data, examining at
how PCR positivity, cycle threshold, and viral culture line up—the goal is to develop good,

NIH-000635
