organizations, and creators using their platforms to imagine a
better tomorrow through information, education, movement,
comedy, all while inspiring audiences to take action to enact
positive change.

The 24th Annual Webby Awards are proud to honor Avi
Schiffmann as the 2020 Person of the Year to recognize his
creation of ncov2019.live to track the spread of COVID-19
across the world. We would be honored if Dr. Fauci would
“virtually” present Avi with his award.

As we collectively navigate the severe impact of COVID-19 on
the world and late calls for nation-wide social distancing, the
Internet has become the lifeblood for people looking for
accurate information about the novel coronavirus. Since
launching the site on December 29th, Avi Schiffmann’s
tracking site was a necessary tool that sounded the alarm on
the novel coronavirus and its spread, notably calling attention
to its severity long before many global officials. By providing
over 100 million visitors with real-time data on the virus’
spread, Schiffmann has helped people around the globe
understand COVID-19 and the necessity of upgrades to current
health care systems and measures to flatten the curve.

For having the foresight to track the global spread of COVID-19
and for creating a website to provide real-time data about the
virus to people everywhere, it is our great privilege to honor
Avi Schiffmann as the 2020 Webby Person of the Year. The
celebration will highlight the important work Avi and his
fellow winners are doing, and will mark his hallmark Webby 5-
Word acceptance speech in Internet history. Dr. Fauci's
presenter speech could be recorded on his phone and we can
send you through a script for him to review, edit and details
for format and deadline.

This year’s Webby Awards will also take action, the impact of
COVID-19 and government responses around the world, has
brought the importance of voting into sharp focus. The Webby
Awards has partnered with Vote.or and aim to check the voter
registration status of 1 million voters in the United States,
promoting the importance of voting to help ensure voter
turnout this November is the highest it has ever been. This
partnership will integrate into all elements of this year’s online
celebration.

Our thoughts are with all of you in this difficult time.

Best
