    

From: es

Sent: Sun, 15 Mar 2020 19:37:15 -0400

To: Lori Hall

Subject: Re: Real Estate Appraisals-Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Thank you for your note.

A.S. Fauci.

Sent from my iPhone

On Mar 15, 2020, at 7:35 PM, Lori Hall OO >wrote:

Dr. Fauci,

Thank you for your important work and for educating the public. Earlier today I sent
the message below to President Trump. I am writing out of concern both for my
husband's safety, others in the industry, and knowing refinances (especially with low
rates) will help the American people through this unprecedented time. |

understand that our Local and National Government continues to look at all potential
solutions, with advice from experts such as yourself. I fully understand this
suggestion from one mom and wife might be way too simplistic for banks/lenders to
even consider. I am hoping to be ahead of the curve and that it starts/continues what
I consider to be a much needed conversation for this industry, for the safety for
appraisers and homeowners alike, and for the pipeline for the lenders. It's very

much appreciated.

Be Safe. Kindest Regards,

Lori Hall

Dear Mr President,

First, our great appreciation to you and your staff for all you do every day and in
keeping our country &citizens safe. We have a family real estate appraisal business
(Chicago Metro Area). I handle all service related items from the comfort of my
home. However, my husband, William Hall, who is a Certified General Real Estate
Appraiser, 1s out in the field all day performing interior appraisals. I have reached
out to all our appraisal management companies with this question to ask their
lenders. Considering the abundance of caution everyone is taking and the refinance
industry seeing unprecedented volume, is there any talk about lenders moving to
exterior only appraisals (and possibly following up after with an interior)? We heard
trom ServiceLink, a Fidelity company, and they have not heard any word from their
national banks/lenders changing to exterior only appraisals at this time. Thank you
very much!

God Bless,

Lori Hall

NIH-000547
