This is new

e Now 634 cases confirmed on the cruise ship (3,063 tested) (so not all
the ship and crew have been tested 3.711)

e Slightly more than half are asymptomatic (previously we heard that
73 of 355 are asymptomatic)

e 28 in serious condition (4.4%)

Japan’s Health Minister Katsunobu Kato told Parliament the two people
from the Diamond Princess cruise ship who died had “received the best
medical treatment”’ but couldn’t be saved after catching the novel
coronavirus on board. As of Thursday, 634 passengers and crew
members were diagnosed with the virus out of 3,063 tested. Slightly
more than half have no symptoms at all, officials said, and many of the
remainder have only mild fever or a cough. Among patients who tested
positive for the virus, 28 were reported in serious condition Thursday.

Doctors have said the virus can be particularly harmful in elderly
patients, and one of the two fatal cases from the Diamond Princess, a
Japanese man in his 80s, had pre-existing bronchial asthma and had
been treated for angina. The other, a Japanese woman in her 80s without
underlying illnesses, came down with a fever on Feb. 5, the same day
passengers were told they would be quarantined in their cabins for two
weeks, according to health ministry officials. The next day, she started
suffering from diarrhea and saw a doctor on board.

She wasn’t taken to a hospital until Feb. 12 when she started suffering
shortness of breath. Her virus test came back positive the following day,
and despite treatment with antiviral drugs normally used to treat HIV
infection, she died Thursday.

Asked about the woman’s case, health ministry official Hiroshi Umeda
said, “I believe it was handled promptly.” He said the ship was a
difficult environment for medical staff but they worked day and night
and tried to prioritize the most serious cases.

Sent from Mail for Windows 10

From: Carter Mecher

Sent: Thursday, February 20, 2020 11:00 AM

To: Richard Hatchett; Dr. Eva K Lee

Cc: Tracey McNamara; Caneva, Duane;[ YG}; Dodgen, Daniel
(OS/ASPR/SPPR); DeBord, Kristin (OS/ASPR/SPPR); Phillips, Sally
(OS/ASPR/SPPR); David Marcozzi; Hepburn, Matthew J CiV USARMY (USA);

NIH-001488
