had made New York less livable, from the tony sections of Manhattan to the Tony Fauci sections of
Brooklyn.

Bratton did his job too well. He ended up on the cover of Time magazine, hailed as the guy who pulled
the worm out of the Big Apple. He became more popular than the mayer.

This drove Giuliani nuts. Rudy had to be the smartest guy in the room, had to get all the credit. Sound
familiar?

So Bratton had to go.

That wasn’t Bratton’s first redeo. Long before he landed in New York, he became the face of
progressive, modern policing in his hometown, the youngest-ever Boston Police superintendent. Police
Commissioner Joe Jordan resented his overly-ambitious No. 2 so he busted Bratton.

The point is, insecure bosses don’t like being shown up by smarter, more competent subordinates. Small
men make big mistakes.

It may be too late to save Fauci. He just got the star treatment from Maureen Dowd in The New
York Times.

There used to be a thing called the Sports Illustrated curse, that after an athlete appeared on its cover
his or her career tanked.

Similarly, being in the Trump administration and getting praised by The New York Times is the kiss of
death.

Now, normally, you could print something in the Times and chances were the president wouldn’t read it.
He routinely dismisses the Gray Old Lady as fake news, except when his and his family’s lousy books are
mass-bought onto the newspaper’s bestsellers list. He is not fond of polysyllabic words and prefers
to get his news from “Fox & Friends” or whatever white nationalist website his aide Stephen Miller
might recommend.

 

But Trump reads Mo Dowd because they have known each other forever and she writes about him at a
nuanced, personal level that drives him especially cuckoo.

We're way past the theoretical here.

Tony Fauci is in real danger, and by extension so are the rest of us who expect — nay, pray for — one
person in the White House to be trustworthy and competent in a time of unprecedented crisis.

So, again, repeat after me, Dr. Anthony Fauci is a bum.

Long live the bum.

Kevin Cullen is a Globe columnist. He can be reached at kevin.cullen@globe.com.

Disclaimer: Any third-party material in this email has been shared for internal use under fair use provisions
of U.S. copyright law, without further verification of its accuracy/veracity. It does not necessarily represent
my views nor those of NIAID, NIH, HHS, or the U.S. government.

NIH-000259
