From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Mon, 27 Apr 2020 14:11:06 +0000
To: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: FW: Otto e Mezzo - Italian Show

Let us discuss.

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD a

Phone:
FAX: (307 1561408
E-mail: f -
The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. it should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

 

 

From: Torchia Patrizia <Patrizia. Torchia@la7.it>
Sent: Monday, April 27, 2020 8:05 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [EJ

Subject: Otto e Mezzo - Italian Show
Dear Mr. Fauci,

I’m Patrizia Torchia, I'm a journalist and | am a member of the team on the Italian show Otto e Mezzo,
hosted daily by journalist Lilli Gruber on La7 channel.

I'm reaching out to invite you in our show. Mrs. Gruber would be honored to have you, Dr. Fauci explore
in more depth the challenges Coronavirus has forced the world to face. Can make this happen?

Below is Lilli Gruber’s bio and a brief description of the show.
WHO:

Lilli Gruber is the editor-in-chief and host of Italy’s most influential political daily talk show, “Otto e
mezzo”, airing on prime-time on La7 TV. She’s received Italy’s most prestigious journalism awards for
her work and was the first woman to ever conduct the prime-time News broadcast in Italy (RAI TV,
1987). As a foreign correspondent she covered most of last 30 years’ major world events, from the fall of
the Berlin wall to 9/11 to the Iraq war. Beside her television work, Ms. Gruber wrote eleven bestseller
books including “Eredita”, which was top seller for 20 weeks and ran 14 reprints. In 2004, Ms. Gruber
