Subject: Update on Sara Alert
Importance: High

Dear Jerome,

| hope you are well. Thank you for all you are doing to represent public health and our nation. It is very
comforting knowing you are informing the nations COVID-19 response.

| wanted to give you an update on called Sara Alert, the software program | am leading at MITRE. Sara
Alert is being provided free of any costs and deployed in state, tribal, and local health departments to
support public health in contact tracing and active monitoring of individuals in isolation and quarantine.
We are engaged with ASTHO, NACCHO, CSTE, and the application is hosted live on APHL’s AIMS
platform. Sara Alert officially launched on April 3 and is currently supporting multiple jurisdictions
including Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Danbury, CT, and the State of Arkansas. It is
also being rolled out in Washington, Arizona, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Maine and Vermont. We are getting
ready to launch in additional jurisdictions over the next couple of weeks.

We have recently responded to questions we were told came from the White House so | wanted to
make sure you have background materials. | imagine you are the person that the President and Vice
President would turn to for information. | am happy to arrange any briefing materials or demo that
would be helpful for you to respond.

As | mentioned previously, Sara Alert is a standards-based, open source tool that automates the process
of monitoring individuals exposed to or infected with COVID-19 (or any disease, it’s configurable) — and
will serve as an enduring national resource to contain disease. Sara Alert is free for use by public health
organizations.

Best wishes to you. Stay healthy for all of us.

Paul

ABOUT SARA ALERT

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the MITRE Corporation, a not-for-profit that works in the public
interest, developed Sara Alert, a standards-based, open source tool in partnership with national public
health organizations. Sara Alert automates the process of monitoring individuals exposed to or infected
with COVID-19 (or any disease, it’s configurable) — and will serve as an enduring national resource to
contain disease. Sara Alert is free for use by public health organizations.

e Sara Alert allows public health officials to import and enroll individuals (or households) at risk of
developing or infected with COVID-19.

e Individuals enter their symptoms daily via web, text, email or phone, allowing public health
officials to focus on high risk and non-reporting individuals.

e The web-based tool enables increased efficiency in tracking cases, leading to earlier
containment of the virus and reduction of burden on public health resources.

e Sara Alert is a national system and allows transferal of monitorees across jurisdictions for tighter
contact tracing.

Sara Alert launched on April 3 and is now supporting multiple jurisdictions.

Sara Alert YouTube Video: https://youtu.be/IQxAuNsg-RA
