Again, we are grateful and excited that we have the opportunity to work together.

Kanpai!
Bob

From: Kadlec, Robert (OS/ASPR/IO)

Sent: Monday, February 10, 2020 8:14 PM
To:

Cif; Elander, Erika (OS/OGA)F OY Lamana,
Joseph (HHS/ASPR/OEM) (b) (6

Subject: Following Up If We can Be of Any Assistance

 

 

Dear Dr. Suzuki —

| hope this finds you | good health and expect that you are deeply involved in the events of
coronavirus in your region. | understand from various communications with the MHLW that is
considering ending the quarantine early and releasing passengers from the Diamond Princess,
especially those who are 80 years of age or older. Given the media reports and public
perception there is pressure to do this. However, as medical experts, you and | both know that
days 3 — 8 are within the normal incubation period and these new positives do not likely
represent shipboard transmission. As such, HHS is willing to coordinate U.S. medical experts
who can engage with English language media explaining and reassuring the passengers, crew,
and public.

Regarding support for the quarantine, ASPR is ready to deploy a team of 3-5 people quickly, and
as many 12 people to Japan to support as suggested in the previous call. If we can assist you
and your team in managing the Americans currently in quarantine please let me know. If there
is other support do let me know and ASPR will work to assist. As we’ve talked for the past 18
months about such a scenario, this may not be the one we envisioned, but it is a perfect case as
we can Clearly identify the Americans, they are in a contained area. Our mutual efforts and
planning have paid unexpected dividends.

| am available to discuss via teleconference at your convenience. | am grateful for all MHLW
has done to support this complicated response on top of your work supporting repatriation and
domestic monitoring of your own citizens. We are grateful for Dr. Sugihara’s herculean
information sharing efforts and the rest of your MHLW team support during this event; it

NIH-001971
