 

From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Tue, 21 Apr 2020 17: 48: 36 +0000

To: ) (

Cc: Lerner, Andrea (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Subject: FW: Coronavirus Questions for the Office of the Surgeon General

Thank you for your note. Shown below are my answers to your questions. |
hope that you find them helpful.

. How do you recommend | reassure our staff on dealing with the stressors of COVID-19?

This is indeed an unprecedented and stressful time. Stress can often come from the unknown.
In times of stress it is critical to take care of one’s physical health, by eating well, getting enough
sleep, and exercising. In addition, maintaining connections with family and friends (via phone
calls, email, or video chatting) while physically socially distancing is very important.

. Can COVID-19 be contracted from a corpse?

Infection control measures shculd be undertaken when dealing with deceased individuals with
known or suspected COVID-19. The CDC provides guidance on this issue here:
https:/w

ww.cde.gov‘coronavirus’2019-ncov‘hep/euidance-postmortem-specimens. html

     

. If someone has been a user of Hydroxychloroquine for years, are they susceptible to contracting

COVID-19?

Clinical trials are underway to determine if hydroxychloroquine is effective in preventing COVID-
19 in exposed persons. Until we know the answer to this question, persons who take
hydroxychloroquine on a daily basis for another medical condition should consider themselves
vulnerable to COVID-19 and take appropriate and recommended measures to protect
themselves.

. Are masks and gloves truly effective, if so, why are so many medical professionals contracting
the virus?

| believe that infection control strategies which include proper use of personal protective
equipment (PPE) as recommended by the COC are effective.
hitps://www.ede.gov/coronavirus/2019-neov/hep/infection-control-

recommendations html?CDC AA retVal=https®o3A% 2F%2 FWwww.cde.gov'o2 Feoronavirus®o2 F

 

 

2019-ncov%o2Finfection-contrel%e2 Fcontrol-recammendations. hun]

In cases where inadequate PPE is worn, or if is not put on/taken off according to proper
procedure, the risk of contracting COVID is increased. In addition, healthcare workers on the
front lines can be exposed if they encounter a patient who is not initially suspected of having
COVID-19 without PPE, especielly if they are exposed to aerosol generating processes.

. What is the most important thing we should be doing, other than social distancing?

Social distancing is key in order to avoid coming into contact with someone with COVID-19, but
washing one’s hands often (or using an alchohol-based hand sanitizer) and avoiding touching
one’s face with unwashed hands are critical as well, especially when coming into contact with
surfaces that may have been touched by others or public places.
