In their Medical Virology text published in 1994, D.O. White and F.J. Fenner stated
“No convincing evidence has yet been obtained to link human coronaviruses with
serious disease ..., but they are an important cause of that trivial but annoying
disease, the common cold.” This generalization changed drastically with the
emergence of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus in 2002-2003
(SARS-CoV), and the National Institutes of Health (NIH) immediately sought the
expertise of these two scientists at the time. Now, 17 years later, we still do not
have an antiviral medicine or a vaccine against the novel coronavirus that
originated in China, now designated as COVID-19 by the World Health
Organization (WHO). On February 21, there were 75,567 cases and 2,239 deaths
in China; and 1,152 cases outside China, with 8 deaths, according to the Director-
General of the WHO. The two viruses appear to use the same gate (or “receptor”)
on host cells to infect them. Despite such expected similarities between new and
old strains of the virus, research on coronaviruses has not been a priority for the
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID). In the end, all that
the Director of NIAID was able offer is “good healthcare” as a remedy for COVID-
19 infections.

The major reason we do not have a cure for coronaviruses is that there has been
no coordinated effort by the NIAID to establish long-term research programs
focused on coronaviruses. Realizing the insufficient progress in this area,

the NIAID announced on February 6 a “Notice of Special Interest to highlight the
urgent need for research on the 2019 novel Coronavirus.” Grants have indeed
been awarded to some scientists since 2003, but such grants are highly
competitive, with success rates of applications to NIAID between 14 and 18%,
indicating that 82-86% of applicants are unable to obtain funding to carry out
research. The time and effort spent on preparing grant applications to NIH are
enormous, diverting these precious resources from actual research to what some
scientists call “grantsmanship” (essentially, the ability to sell your idea to a review
committee!). These “games scientist play” to procure funding are a hindrance to
the progress of science. The fact that we do not have a cure or a vaccine against
coronaviruses over the past 17 years since the SARS epidemic, attests to this
detrimental effect.

Development of a vaccine against COVID-19t is also not straightforward. SARS
was probably not considered by NIH to be an important pathogen on which to

NIH-001216
