From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Mon, 17 Feb 2020 18:58:46 +0000
To: Cassetti, Cristina (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: FW: Info from China

Please have someone respond to this person.

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892- 2520

Phone:

FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail: fe (6)
The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive information. It
should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you have received this e-mail in error
please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any other storage devices. The National Institute of
Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own
and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

 

----- Original Message-----
From: Jodie Dillman 4 ©) (6) >
Sent: Monday, February 17, 2020 12:42 PM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] {2 ) >

Subject: Info from China

Dear Dr. Fauci,

It ts with trepidation that I reach out to you with information that has been shared with me regarding the real status
of the Coronavirus in China. My information comes to me from af" 6) J who has correspondence from
a nurse in Harbin, China.

J is here on an H1V visa, employed for the past several years at

the Tmiomational student program. eee
Ce} I have no reason to doubt the authenticity of the correspondence that she shared with me.

  

 

This correspondence shows a lung X-ray, a glass container of bloody fluid removed from an infected lung, and a
map of Harbin, China depicting many areas of the coronavirus outbreaks. The written correspondence reveals that
the numbers being released of confirmed deaths is drastically low due to the spread being too fast to test. Deaths in
hospital hallways and of medical staff is not being shared in order to prevent panic.

Protective gear is unavailable and the nurse wnting the correspondence is fearful for her life. She states that there
are five levels of screenings (tests?) before a person is reported as testing positive or of being infected with the virus.
If someone dies before being confirmed, these suspected deaths are covered up and not reported. Reported numbers,
even of confirmed cases are grossly undercounted.

I figure you and our government realize the information and numbers coming out of China are highly inaccurate, but
this correspondence onf 6) (6) confirms it. | felt it was only ethical and moral to report this, despite
CC __ ©) ©} plea that the two people involved in the correspondence fear governmental retribution if it was
discovered that they discussed or passed on this confidential information.

 

I report this and swear it to be true and confidential. | am trusting it will help in some way and not just stir panic.

NIH-001823
