Thanks, Tara. Pitt was amazing. One reviewer of the SNL show said that Pitt
looked “exactly like me”. That statement made my year. ©

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone: 9}

FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail:

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
Information. It should not be used by anyone who Is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on

behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

 

From: Schwetz, Tara (NIH/OD) [EJE>

Sent: Monday, April 27, 2020 5:11 PM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [EJ]

Ce: Marston, Hilary (NIH/NIAID) [EE 96); Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E]
CY (}>; Barasch, Kimberly (NIH/NIAID) [(C][ YG} Myles,
Renate (NIA/OD) E009 Walsh, Elizabeth (NIN/OD) [6]

Subject: Flagging NIH Media Product for Release Tomorrow
Tony,

Please see below and attached a time-sensitive COVID-19 item for your awareness and sharing with the
remainder of the Task Force, as appropriate. The plan is to release this tomorrow.

Item 1: Title: Rapid Acceleration of Diagnostics (RADx) Initiative

Activity Type: Funding of new research program

Summary: With af_ ©) 0} investment from federal stimulus funding, RADx initiative will infuse
funding into early innovation technologies to speed development of rapid and widely accessible
COVID-19 testing. At the same time, NIH will seek opportunities to move more advanced
diagnostic technologies swiftly through the development pipeline toward commercialization and
broad availability. As part of the initiative, NIH is urging scientists and inventors with a rapid
testing technology to compete in a national COVID-19 testing challenge for a share of up to $500
million over all phases for further development. The goal is to add tens of millions per month of
accurate and easy-to-use tests to all Americans by Fall 2020.

impact on COVID-19 Pandemic Response: RADx will accelerate the development, validation, and
commercialization of innovative new testing methods that can be deployed in point-of-care and
home settings. These technologies are urgently needed to guide and inform safe return to work,
school, and life activities.
