Prior to the EUA change, the calculus for our labs was that it would take 3 to 4 weeks to
actually validate a test, and then we would submit to the FDA for EUA (a process none of
us has ever done), and then we would wait for the FDA to respond (hopefully in the
affirmative). I think we all expected the FDA EUA review to be at least 4 weeks. Based on
that time-line, many commercial vendors would have reagents available with their own
EUAs that would be able to be performed on large automated instruments including
potentially STAT. None of the LDT assays (or CDC assay) can be performed STAT or on
demand.

With the EUA change, the process to validate the test 1s still the same and will still take 3
or more weeks. Once validated, we can perform clinical testing (like any other LDT) while
we submit the EUA. This would likely allow us to begin testing several weeks before
commercial vendors have EUA reagents available based upon our best current
information. Most of us expect to transition a commercial EUA at some point.

The recent statement that IDT reagents can be used under the EUA from CDC is
misleading. It applies to a very limited number of lots (currently 1, likely 2 soon), it
assumes reagents are available, and it requires strict adherence to the CDC protocol using
identical extraction methods (2 choices) and amplification / detection methods (1
instrument). It still specifies the use of an N1, N2, and N3 reactions, but CDC has dropped
the N3 reaction. The EUA has not yet been updated. Neither of our hospitals have the
complete extraction or amplification instruments so we have to do the EUA anyway.“

Hope you are coping ok,
James

James B. Krellenstein

109 S Sth St,

Brooklyn, NY 11249
(mobile)

 

On Sun, Feb 2, 2020 at 7:36 PM James Krellensteinf—_______________ ®) ©}> wrote:
Tony:

| hope this email finds you well. Over the past 48 hours, PrEP4All has received multiple requests from
leaders of public health departments and public health practitioners to begin publicly pressuring

NIH-000950
