From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Mion, 9 Mar 2020 13:18:02 +0000
To: Kate Dickman

Subject: RE: Thank You

Thank you!

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

    

 

Phone:—f  ()

FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail{ “(b) (

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

From: Kate Dickmanf (J >

Sent: Monday, March 9, 2020 9:00 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [EJS >
Subject: Thank You

Dear Dr. Fauci,

| have been reading about your efforts to learn quickly about COVID-19, and subsequently educate the
American public about its risks. | wanted to say how grateful | am for your expertise, perseverance and
candor.

Updates about what Americans should do to keep safe, and understanding what may be deemed risky
for personal and community health, are greatly needed in these days of information (and possibly
misinformation) overload. Giving American people current information and clear, updated guidance is
the best way to create grassroots, coordinated, widespread effort, while the CDC, NIH, and other
government health organizations organize the tops-down approaches to regional screening, emergency
care, and COVID-19 research/testing for hopeful vaccination or treatment protocols.

I'm very relieved and assured to have strong voices of reason, experience, and merit helping ‘us'
navigate these murky waters. I'm grateful for your courage.

Thank you again.

Kate Dickman

NIH-000771
