health bill. He recalled one congressional provision, in 2016, that tried to
make it “legally permissible to fly the Confederate flag at national
cemeteries. I am not kidding.” When dealing with politicians, he told
me, he relies on the pseudo-Latin expression J/legitimi non
carborundum: Don’t let the bastards grind you down. But he has
inspired respect throughout the political world and beyond. Fauci’s
office walls are covered with scores of photographs of him with
Presidents, senators, visiting Prime Ministers, business leaders, actors. In
October, 1988, George H. W. Bush, during a Presidential debate with
Michael Dukakis, was asked who his heroes were. “I think of Dr.
Fauci,” Bush replied. “You’ve probably never heard of him... . He’s a
very fine researcher, a top doctor at the National Institutes of Health,
working hard, doing something about research on this disease of AIDS.”
These days, nearly everyone has heard of Fauci. Pandemic-memorabilia
entrepreneurs have put his face on bottle openers, coffee mugs, and
bumper stickers: “In Dr. Fauci we trust.” The National Bobblehead Hall
of Fame and Museum has produced a seven-inch likeness of him, partly
to raise money to produce protective gear for medical workers. There’s a
Facebook group called Dr. Fauci Speaks, We Listen, and another called
Dr. Fauci Memes for Social Distance Teens. A petition has circulated to
nominate him as People’s “sexiest man alive.”

On right-wing social media and talk radio, Fauci has a different image:
he is routinely disparaged as a closet lefty who is exaggerating the threat
of the coronavirus. “Has anyone else noticed that every suggestion by
Dr. Doom Fauci just happens to also be the worst possible thing for the
economy?” the conservative Internet TV host Bill Mitchell tweeted.
““That’s not an accident folks.” An analysis in the 7Zimes found more than
seventy Twitter accounts that have pushed the hashtag #FauciFraud,
with some tweeting out anti-Fauci bile hundreds of times a day. “There
seems to be a concerted effort on the part of Trump supporters to spread
misinformation about the virus,” Carl Bergstrom, a professor of biology
at the University of Washington who has studied misinformation, told
the paper. “There is this sense that experts are untrustworthy, and have
agendas that aren’t aligned with the people.” Fauci has received so many
personal threats that the Justice Department recently approved a security
