Linda S. Birnbaum, Ph.D., D.A.B.T., A.T.S

Scientist Emeritus (Retired)

Former Director, National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences
and National Toxicology Program

 

cell (@) —sg
e-mail: (OC
personal email: CS 0) 6)

 

From {sss
Sent: Monday, March 23, 2020 10:45 PM

To: Linda Birnbaumf OY G>

Subject: Message to Dr. Fauci
Dear Dr. Fauci,

The home care industry cares for tens of millions of our most vulnerable citizens in their homes every
day. We provide assistance with activities of daily living and instrumental activities of daily living, which
keeps our clients in their homes and inthe lowest risk setting. Our professional Caregivers are able and

willing to continue to provide care to clients who test positive for COVID-19 or have been exposed to
the virus.

But we need your help so that home care companies do not face unreasonable liability for providing
such care. To that end, we ask for your support in getting a bill through congress like the Public
Readiness and Emergency Preparedness Act (PREP Act), 42 USC 247d-6d, that will insulate providers like
us from claims related to the care we will be providing in these extraordinary times.

We also ask that you support creating a fund that will provide appropriate personal protective
equipment to our caregivers. Our clients should not have to bear the additional burden of the added
cost of PPE.

Additionally, we would like you to encourage the CDC to clarify its guidance on caring for COVID-19
patients (found here, here and here) that the guidance is applicable to “professional, licensed and
insured, home based care agencies.”

This clarification will give the industry a workable standard to protect caregivers caring for COVID-19
clients. In essence, it would establish that facemasks and gloves are sufficient PPE to care for COVID-19
clients in the home, and not require its caregivers to comply with the healthcare setting requirements of
wearing N95 respirators, eye protection (goggles or face shields) or gowns. This is important as a
practical matter because respirators and gowns are not readily available at this time. Moreover, most
home care workers are not trained in the proper use of respirators.

Finally, we need your help in pressuring congress to provide day care for the children of our caregivers.

If they cannot find adequate care for their children, then our clients will suffer. This is a vital step to
keep our clients in their homes.

NIH-000245
