working with the biotechnology company Moderna and the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness
Innovation (CEPI) to develop a “messenger RNA” vaccine for the novel coronavirus. Other
countries and companies are working to develop a vaccine as well.

4) What are the technical times to develop a working vaccine in terms of scientific research,
and what are the approx times for the necessary legal certifications, and for industrial
production and distribution?

In terms of our work with Moderna and CEPI to develop a vaccine, we anticipate having an
experimental vaccine ready for Phase 1 clinical trials within 2 to 3 months. This Phase | clinical
trial will involve administering the vaccine to a small number of healthy adults in the United
States to see if it is safe and has some ability to induce an immune response. If that 1s successful
and the outbreak has not ended, we will move to a larger Phase 2 clinical trial with the
expectation of proving the efficacy (or not) of the vaccine within I to 1.5 years. If
efficacious, it will still take additional months to produce enough vaccine to distribute
widely..

In addition to this vaccine, NIAID is also supporting scientists and companies to develop other
vaccine candidates.

5) 2019-nCov is the third Coronavirus aggressive for humans that has appeared in the East
in the last 20 years and in 2009 the virus responsible for the flu pandemic too did come
from China: what sort of preventive measures could be practicable to reduce the risk of
repetition of these events?

To clarify, the 2009 H1N1 influenza virus was first reported in Mexico, not China.

Viruses affecting humans have occurred throughout history, from the Bubonic Plague to the
1918 flu. We cannot predict what emerging infectious diseases will occur nor prevent the
unknown from occurring in the first place. What we can do is learn as much as we can about
emerging viruses, so that we can rapidly develop safe and effective point-of-care diagnostics,
treatments and vaccines to protect against infection.

NIH-00204 1
