Copper - 2 mg
Zinc 40 mg daily ---->(Do not take zinc in amounts over 40 mg daily as it may
interfere with metabolism of iron and copper)

More Dietary Recommendations

There 1s a method to improve tron uptake 1n the absence of oxalate or phytate rich
foods previously mentioned above. If hematocrit, hemoglobin, or ferritin blood lab
measures are low, the athlete may add 1-gram of vitamin C to a 3-4 ounce lean cut
of red meat cooked in an iron skillet one to two times each week. A complete dietary
protocol for cancer patients going through chemotherapy and radiation was
published and 1s applicable to over-trained endurance athletes who present low
hematocrit levels.[16]

Conclusion

In normal adults, the kidneys produce EPO, which initiates approximately 90% of
natural erythropoietin production. Tissue oxygenation exposure regulates the
production of erythropoietin. Less oxygen saturation in the air we inhale (either by
altitude or hypoxic interval training) stimulates the kidneys to activate the chemical
messengers to instruct the bone marrow to increase the production of EPO to resolve
the lack of oxygen exposure. Hypoxia or Anemia stimulates the kidney production
of erythropoietin to increase production red blood cells. EPO released from the
kidneys increases the rate of red blood cell division and differentiation of specific
cells in the bone marrow.

Dietary deficiency of specific foods and micronutrients, hormone imbalance, and
lack of specific hypoxic training stress inhibit the endogenous (natural) production
of EPO. Additionally, nutritional imbalance from caloric restriction (or exercise
related expense), dehydration, fluid intoxication, excess calcium, excess inositol,
excess oxalates foods, excess phytic acid from cereal grains, or a lack of hypoxic
interval training all inhibit the natural production of EPO also. [17] [18],

Manipulating diet for protein and total calorie adequacy, monitoring hydration,
using supplements, timing food combinations, adding weekly hypoxic exercise
followed by easy or rest days all increases the release of natural EPO for healthy
maximal oxygen carrying capacity. Plus, there are many ways to use diet and
wellness to ensure that the body's production of red blood cells is sound and that
their oxygen carrying capacity is functioning.

[1] Director of Research & Product Development for HAMMER NUTRITION
LTD. 1-800-336-1977, Whitefish, Montana.

[2] Courtesy of From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia @:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_ Page

 

NIH-000506
