necessarily characterize it as a mistake. I would say we worked very
well with that office. It would be nice if the office was still there.”

The combination of money and political will can have extraordinary
effects on public health. Under the George W. Bush Administration,
Fauci was the principal architect of a landmark program called PEPFAR,
the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief.

By the time Bush took office, therapies for H.I.V. had become widely
available in Western countries. But, for millions of people in the
developing world, these drugs were too expensive or too difficult to
obtain. Bush felt that it was unacceptable for the poorest people on earth
to die because they could not afford medication that was dispensed
routinely in the rich world. He asked Fauci to implement an initiative to
prevent and treat H.I.V. on a global scale. It has been uniformly held up
as a model of the ways in which global public-health programs can save
lives. “PEPFAR has turned around declining life expectancies in many
countries and likely saved some countries—even an entire continent—
from economic ruin,” Harold Varmus, a former director of the N.I.H.
and of the National Cancer Institute, wrote in the quarterly

journal Science & Diplomacy.

But Fauci has at times struggled to compel politicians and businesses to
attack the problems that he considers most worrisome. Over the years,
he has become concerned about the possible impact of new viruses,
particularly a lethal strain of influenza. Other viruses are more
consistently deadly; some, like measles, are more contagious. But no
virus that we know of is capable of killing as rapidly and as efficiently.
““We need a major paradigm shift with influenza vaccines,” Fauci told
me, four years ago. “The situation 1s a mess.”

Because the flu virus evolves so rapidly, experts deciding how to
formulate vaccines can make only a highly educated guess about which
strains are most likely to make people sick. Each February,
epidemiologists study outbreaks around the world—especially in the
Southern Hemisphere, where flu season is under way—to assess which
strains might make their way north. The result is always better than
