infected person to fly from one side of the world to the other, we should
be able to print, assemble, and administer a vaccine.

To even contemplate creating these kinds of treatments, Fauci says,
would require building an entirely new system for making vaccines
before a pandemic arises. But, in addition to the scientific obstacles, this
would cost billions of dollars, and no company or politician has been
willing to spend the money. Perhaps, just as AIDS transformed our
approach to clinical trials, our experience with COVID-19 will change our
attitudes about preventing infectious diseases. A proper investment in
both research and emergency preparedness would have prevented at
least some of the unspeakable human loss we are now experiencing and
the economic crash that has just begun.

The COVID-19 epidemic will eventually fade, but the public will demand
a reckoning. Inevitably, there will be an investigation, along the lines of
the 9/11 Commission, to look into the ramifications of the President’s
denialism, the shortages in testing and medical equipment, and the
dismissal of so many warning signs. Fauci will not necessarily escape
criticism. He is an excellent spokesman for the value of scientific
research, but he runs a single institute, and he lacks the authority to
broadly reshape our response to pandemics. “The kinds of things we
really desperately need as foundational tools for dealing with this stuff
aren’t necessarily research enterprises,” Harold Varmus told me. “Tony
isn’t running C.D.C. He’s not running FEMA. To tell him to stockpile
defense mechanisms or to move forward surveillance tools into massive
operations around the world—that’s just not his remit.”

Even Fauci’s current value as a scientific adviser has been limited by the
President’s contempt for expertise. Trump’s coronavirus kitchen cabinet
consists of people like his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, who has no
medical knowledge or experience managing crises—yet has been
appointed to direct the response to the biggest medical emergency since
the influenza pandemic of 1918. Trump has also turned for advice to Dr.
Mehmet Oz, who for years has endorsed worthless treatments and used
his television show to promote notorious quacks. Trump even seems to
think that his trade adviser, Peter Navarro, should debate Fauci about the
value of specific drugs. When Navarro, who has a doctoral degree in

 
