L=i\ man wears a protective mask while walking in

s)

 

By

Robert Gebelhoff

Assistant editor and Opinions contributor

Feb. 10, 2020 at 2:22 p.m. EST

The latest strain of coronavirus continues to rage across China. Its death toll has surpassed 900, eclipsing
the body count from China’s SARS outbreak in 2002 and 2003.

To get a better sense of the disease and the U.S. government’s response to it, we spoke to Anthony S.
Fauci, immunologist and director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the
National Institutes of Health. Below is a transcript of an interview with Fauci, edited for clarity and
brevity.

Robert Gebelhoff: Right off the bat, what makes this virus different?

Anthony Fauci: Well, we have to be concerned whenever there’s a virus that has — and I’m going to use
a big word here — pathogenic potential. ... [The coronavirus] is brand-new, and there’s no real
underlying experience with it, so the general population is naive with regard to protection. And it has
serious potential, because it’s already spreading rapidly. It’s the unknown aspect of something that
already tells you it’s a serious problem. We don’t know where it’s going.

Gebelhoff: Are we past the point of containment for this coronavirus?

Fauci: No, we’re not. The short answer is we’re not past the point of containment. But it really does
have the potential to turn into a global pandemic. What we have now is a very serious epidemic in
China. ... [But outside of China,] there is very little — but some — transmission from person to person.
Once you get multiple countries that have sustained transmission from person to person, then it’s
beyond the situation where you can contain it. You can only mitigate it.

In the United States, we are clearly in the containment phase. ... And what we've done is we’ve
identified. We’ve isolated. And we’ve done contact-tracing [identifying who might have come in contact
with an infected person]. That seems to be successful. But once it it starts spreading all over the world ...
then it’s almost inevitable that it’s going to start spreading here.

Gebelhoff: The Post reported last week that China withheld information from the public, including
silencing medical professionals, and that this made the spread of the virus worse. How does the United
States work with a government that we can’t even trust to tell the truth to its people?

NIH-001983
