to do what is necessary to save lives. So I was not surprised to receive an
e-mail from Fauci the following day, saying that he had been asked to
refrain from participating in personal profiles. It seemed that it was one
thing for him to talk about the news with reporters or even to chat on
Instagram with Stephen Curry, the Golden State Warriors star. But
focussing on himself, rather than on the President, was another thing
entirely.

Fauci and Trump are about as odd a duo as American political life has
ever produced. Both men are in their seventies. Both come from the
outer boroughs of New York City. Both are direct, even blunt. But that’s
where the resemblance ends. Fauci has always been a person of unusual
discipline. Nearing eighty, he works about eighteen hours a day. Long
ago, when his three children were young, he and his wife, Christine
Grady, who runs the bioethics department at the National Institutes of
Health, decided to maintain the sanctity of family dinners by starting
them when he got home from the office, at around nine o’clock. For
decades, Fauci has taken long lunchtime runs, but, during the crisis, he’s
cut back his routine to power walking—and only on weekends. Fauci
parses his words with care and believes, above all, in the power of facts
and the efficacy of data.

ADVERTISEMENT

David Baltimore, a Nobel laureate and a pioneer of molecular biology,
told me, “Tony 1s unique, in that he has such credibility with politicians
that he’s been able to insert hard facts into the conversation. That has
been wonderful for our country and the world.” According to David
Relman, a microbiologist at Stanford University who for years has
advised the government on biological threats, “Tony has essentially
become the embodiment of the biomedical and public-health research
enterprise in the United States. Nobody is a more tireless champion of
the truth and the facts. I am not entirely sure what we would do without
him.”

Fauci can be impatient with the compromises of politics. In my
conversations with him, he has responded furiously when a dicey
amendment, a bogus rider, or a “poison pill” is attached to a public-
