economics, was asked about his medical qualifications, he said, “I have
a Ph.D. And I understand how to read statistical studies, whether it’s in
medicine, the law, economics, or whatever.”

Among Navarro’s enthusiasms is the malaria drug hydroxychloroquine,
which he believes could cure COVID-19. There is currently no evidence
to support this conclusion, as Fauci has pointed out on several occasions.
On April 5th, as Trump continued to tout the drug as a miracle cure, a
reporter at the daily briefing asked Fauci to comment. Trump refused to
allow him to speak. In an appearance two days later, Trump kept up the
hype. “I say try it,” he said. “You’re not gonna die from this pill.” Not
long afterward, he even suggested that zinc might help.

To plan a coherent biological future, rather than simply scramble to
contain each new pandemic, will require an entirely new kind of
political commitment. It would certainly include the creation of a
permanent position, a special assistant to the President for biological
defense. Similar jobs have existed in the past, but not for long, and not
with enough influence to matter. David Relman, the Stanford professor,
told me, “This kind of job needs somebody with the authority to preside
over domestic and international threats, both natural and deliberate. And
that person has to sit in the White House with immediate access to the
President. Without that, we will really have nothing that can work.”
Until then, we have Fauci, a seventy-nine-year-old infectious-disease
expert pinned between Donald Trump and the American people. It can’t
be easy. As Fauci recently put it, with characteristic candor, “I give the
appearance of being optimistic. But, deep down, I just do everything I
possibly can, assuming that the worst will happen, and I’ve got to stop
the worst from happening.” @

Published in the print edition of the April 20, 2020, issue, with the
headline “The Good Doctor.”

Disclaimer: Any third-party material in this email has been shared for internal use under fair use provisions
of U.S. copyright law, without further verification of its accuracy/veracity. It does not necessarily represent
my views nor those of NIAID, NIH, HHS, or the U.S. government.
