e NIAID is supporting a clinical tral of the antiviral remdesivir and is
investigating other treatments, including antibody therapies and other antivirals,
for their activity against SARS-CoV-2. Well-designed clinical trials are the best
way to evaluate potential treatments for safety and efficacy.

e NIAID is supporting an early-stage clinical trial of an investigational vaccine
called mMRNA-1273, developed by NIAID scientists and the biotechnology

company Moderna. The study launched first in Seattle, with a second site
recently added in Atlanta. NIAID is researching additional vaccine candidates.

e NIAID has launched a serosurvey study that aims to determine how many
adults in the United States without a confirmed history of COVID-19 have
antibodies to the virus. Researchers will collect and analyze blood samples from
as many as 10,000 adult volunteers without a confirmed history of COVID-19.
The results will help illuminate the extent to which the novel coronavirus has
spread undetected in the United States and provide insights into which
communities and populations are most affected. [NOTE: This serosurvey is for
research purposes. It is not meant to be a way for people to access antibody
testing for personal knowledge of prior infection history. If it is portrayed as a way
for people to “get tested” to understand their own infection history, we can expect
that people will inaccurately blame the government for not receiving results ina
timely manner. People can request to learn about their results, which will be
available only after weeks or months of analysis.]

e NIAID is expanding its portfolio of basic research on coronaviruses and
emerging pathogens to characterize SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that causes COVID-
19) and understand how it causes disease. NIAID also is using animal models to
better understand the infection and to investigate optimal ways to treat and
prevent COVID-19.

3. Are there topics or announcements for future press conferences (other
than tomorrow’s) that you would like to flag for the President’s speechwriting
team?

 

For HHS to consider mentioning:
Cc.

From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Sent: Sunday, April 12, 2020 1:55 PM
To: Billet, Courtney (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: RE: Staff Sec POC - NIAID

 
