which took the lives of more than 100 million people around the world —
had a mortality rate of 1.8 to 2 percent.

So, if 2000 deaths is the numerator, scientists hope that the
denominator is actually much larger. And that is probable, given the
likelihood that there are many more people who have the infection but
don’t know it, or are not showing symptoms.

The good news? The outbreak started in a single location and seems
largely contained there. There have been several hundred cases in more
than 25 countries outside of China. But the overwhelming majority have
been travel related. The containment measures of Singapore, Hong Kong
and Japan — which have the most cases — seem to have been successful. Of
the 15 American cases (before the arrival of the cruise ship passengers), 13
are travel related. The two others are spouses of people in that group. We
still have not seen widespread, sustained transmission from person to
person outside of China.

The Chinese reaction to the virus has shown the weaknesses and
advantages of authoritarianism. The immediate response of a system built
on fear is to a problem like this one is denial and deception. No one wants
to carry bad news. So local Chinese officials spent the first week of the
outbreak — as the disease was spreading under the radar — insisting that the
transmission of the virus was all animal to human.

But only in a society like China could you have the effective lockdown
of 50 million people, including the entire city of Wuhan, to slow the spread
of the disease. Public health officials in most places — who are required to
balance health needs with civil liberties — would not even consider such a
measure. Yet it appears to be working.

The danger? “All that is needed is for a few countries in the
developing world that can’t contain the coronavirus,” Tony Fauci told me.
“This could be the second wave of the pandemic.”

Pandemic diseases tend to attack the weakest links — the most
vulnerable health systems — in the global chain. If there is sustained
transmission in those places, says Fauci, “even countries with best practices
will suffer.” Countries in Africa are of particular concern. There are millions
of Chinese in Africa, and many Africans study in China. Countries such as
Ethiopia, Senegal and South Africa seem to be doing a good job at testing
random samples for coronavirus in key cities. But Liberia? Guinea? Sierra
Leone?

Seldom has there been a stronger argument for American global
engagement to strengthen African health systems, which constitute part of
own immune system against pandemics. Seldom has there been a better

NIH-001715
