nothing. In many years, though, it is woefully inadequate. In the flu
season of 2014-15, the vaccine protected less than a fifth of the people
who received it. In 2017-18, it worked for a little more than a third.
Fauci has long supported the development of an alternative: a universal
influenza vaccine, which would provide lasting defense against all
strains. “Similar to tetanus, a universal flu vaccine probably would be
given every ten years,” he said. “And, if you get one that is really
universal, you can vaccinate just about everyone in the world.” But such
a vaccine would cost hundreds of millions of dollars to develop and
test—and would replace a product that most consumers already think of
as good enough. No one has come close to raising the money that such a
project will require.

By the beginning of the new millennium, it had become clear that the
next microbial threat might not come from a bat or a duck. It could just
as well be created by a human being. After the terrorist attacks of
September 11, 2001, anonymous letters laced with deadly anthrax spores
began arriving at media companies and congressional offices. In the
following months, twenty-two people were infected by inhaling anthrax
and five died. Suddenly, biological terror posed an entirely new threat—
one that has become only more significant and complex in the ensuing
years. In 2016, James Clapper, who was the director of National
Intelligence during the Obama Administration, listed gene editing as a
potential weapon of mass destruction. Many scientists were furious, but
he had a point. Researchers have deployed these tools to rewrite the
genes of mosquitoes so that they are unable to transmit malaria. If their
success in the lab translates to the field, it will be a historic triumph. But
the research also raises an alarming possibility: if a scientist can modify
the genes of an insect to protect people from malaria, he could almost
certainly use the same technology to add a deadly toxin.

Fauci often cites a similar but more immediate paradox. Thanks to
genetic engineering, we are more equipped than ever to respond to the
threat of a viral pandemic. After the COVID-19 outbreak began, it took
scientists less than a month to sequence the genome of the virus. By the
