until September 30, 2024: [Provided, That up to $99,500.000 of such amounts may
be transferred to the Department of Energy to provide support and access to
scientific user facilities, including equipment, enabling technologies, and personnel
associated with the operations of those scientific user facilities: ]

Laura Friedel

Majority Clerk

Committee on Appropriations
Subcommittee on Labor, HHS and Education
136 Dirksen Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510

From: Friedel, Laura (Appropriations)

Sent: Friday, February 28, 2020 3:13 PM

To: Haskins, Melinda (NIH/NIAID) [E] [OY >; Michelle Mitchell
Subject: DOE Reimbursement for Coronavirus Super Computing

Hi,

Dept. of Energy is looking for $99.5 million. They are concerned that NIH will use their
super computers for coronavirus (which NIH doesn’t pay for) and displace paying
customers. What is the expectation that NIH will need to use DOE super computers? We
would include additional funds (please make sure TF knows | would not take his funds and
give to DOE), but this seems extremely high to me and | was trying to understand the need
from your perspective for these super computers. Happy to jump on the phone if that is
easier, but need this as fast as you can get it to me please — within the next hour or so.
Language is below. Thank you!

Sec. _. (a) Funds appropriated in this title may be made available to
restore amounts, either directly or through retrmbursement, for obligations incurred
by agencies of the Department of Health and Human Services for the purposes
provided herein prior to the date of enactment of this Act. This subsection shall not
apply to obligations incurred by the Infectious Diseases Rapid Response Reserve
Fund.

(b) Funds appropriated in this title [may/shall] be used when [awarding/to
award] grants and cooperative agreements in fiscal year 2020 to reimburse State or
local costs incurred for the purposes provided herein after January 20, 2020, and
prior to the issuance of such awards.

[(c) Funds appropriated in this title shall be transferred to other federal
agencies for costs related to medical screening for coronavirus including any costs

NIH-001139
