He is readily accessible to those who need treatment — he still runs a lab at NIH — or need
information. Tony still lives in the same house he bought when he first moved to Washington, and it is
there that he and his wife Christine have raised their three talented daughters (though none of them
chose to attend medical school).

Until the latest crisis, Tony has often commuted to NIH by Metro, typically after running three miles
for his daily exercise. And when he has been invited to make speeches in the Washington area or on
Capitol Hill, he invariably turns down a car and driver for the Metro. (This practice has had to change
of late for the obvious reasons).

There are, of course, many other dedicated federal servants who also view their commitment to the
country and its people over financial rewards. But surely no federal civil servant, in any area, can
exceed Tony Fauci’s long-term and selfless commitment to this country and the health of its people.

  
 

 

| tried years ago, when Tony was approaching a normal retirement age, to see if he might want after a
normal lifetime of federal service, to take some of his considerable skills and knowledge to the private
sector. He quickly said no — money did not motivate him, serving the country did. And he stayed at
NIH — to the country’s good fortune.

If there is any one medical professional who can help the country deal with the COVID-19 crisis, it is
Tony Fauci, an example of the best this country has to offer.

He is not a miracle worker. No one is.

But Tony Fauci has the decades of experience needed to understand infectious disease problems and
prescribe a treatment that should, in time, provide the requisite comfort, even if, in the short term,
the medicine is painful and inconvenient.

David M. Rubenstein is the co-executive chairman of The Carlyle Group.

Disclaimer: Any third-party material in this email has been shared for internal use under fair use
provisions of U.S. copyright law, without further verification of its accuracy/veracity. It does not
necessarily represent my views nor those of NIAID, NIH, HHS, or the U.S. government.

Ali Fauci

NIH-000283
