institutional collaboration to accelerate drug discovery for these emerging infections and is a public-
private partnership between academic institutions and Gilead Sciences.

Remdesivir, developed to treat the coronavirus causing MERS, was found to have significant activity
against the 2019-nCoV strain when the outbreak began in the Chinese city of Wuhan. Importantly,
remdesivir had demonstrated efficacy in treating other medically important coronaviruses MERS and
SARS in cell culture and animal models. Based on the compassionate plea requests of treating physicians
in the United States, Gilead Sciences released remdesivir for use in a few patients, although the drug has
not yet been tested for safety or efficacy in these diseases. “The release of remdesivir for safety and
efficacy studies is a major accomplishment for the AD3C — namely the U19 grant — as it shows significant
and swift advance of antiviral drugs to help treat and respond to emerging infectious disease outbreaks
on an international scale and, importantly, to anticipate the introduction of these infections in the
United States,” said Richard Whitley, M.D., Distinguished Professor at UAB and principal investigator of
the U19 grant.

WATCH: UAB infectious disease experts provide information on the 2019 novel coronavirus.

Gilead Sciences and supporting researchers and clinicians are working with health authorities from the
World Health Organization and in China to establish a placebo-controlled study to determine whether
remdesivir is safe and effective in treating 2019-nCoV.

“This is a prime example of how the research we
are conducting at UAB plays a critical role in
treating patients on a global scale and our
contribution of substantial scientific advances.”

— Richard Whitley, M.D., UAB Distinguished
Professor

“The collaboration between UAB, our colleagues at Southern Research, Vanderbilt University and the
University of North Carolina, along with our pharmaceutical partner Gilead Sciences, is indicative of our
collaborative approach to respond to outbreaks in real time, and in helping communities worldwide
fight 2019-nCoV. This is a prime example of how the research we are conducting at UAB plays a critical
role in treating patients on a global scale and our contribution of substantial scientific advances,”
Whitley continued.

Whitley expressed that the potential for mutation of 2019-nCoV means that UAB’s AD3C and partners
will need to build backup molecules for potential testing and treatment in the near future.

The World Health Organization has declared the 2019-nCoV outbreak a “public health emergency of
international concern.”

UAB is the lead institution for AD3C and research conducted; but the team unifies scientists experienced
in virology, viral immunology, pathogenesis, medicinal chemistry and translation to human disease from
UAB, University of North Carolina, Vanderbilt University, Emory University, Washington University, The
University of Texas Medical Branch, Southern Research, the Emory Institute of Drug Discovery, the
University of Colorado, Denver, and Oregon Health & Science University.

Disclaimer: Any third-party material in this email has been shared for internal use under fair use provisions
of U.S. copyright law, without further verification of its accuracy/veracity. It does not necessarily represent
my views nor those of NIAID, NIH, HHS, or the U.S. government.

NIH-002022
