from your mailbox or any other storage devices. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shail not accept
liability for any statement made that are sender's own and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

From: Routh, Jennifer (NIH/NIAID) [€] Ca >

Sent: Friday, February 21, 2020 4:52 PM

To: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E] f OF>; NIAID FOG <fog@niaid.nih.gov>
Cc: NIAID COGCORE <COGCORE@mail.nih.gov>; NIAID Media Inquiries <mediainquiries@niaid.nih.gov>

Subject: interview request: draft responses for Greek newspaper

Reporter: Theodora Tsoli

Organization: Greek newspaper To VIMA (www.tovima.qr)
Phone #(s): ©) ©) thtsoli@tovima.ar

Subject: COVID-19

Deadline: Monday 2/24

 

The reporter emailed questions for ASF. | have drafted proposed responses for his
review, also attached.

1. Do you believe that SARS-COV2 is capable of causing a pandemic? Are
you expecting many secondary transmissions of the virus outside China?
A pandemic is generally defined as sustained transmission of a new pathogen in
multiple regions of the world. COVID-19 does not yet meet that definition, and |
hope that China and other countries in Asia with some transmission are able to
contain the outbreak. However, it is possible that COVID-19 could become a
pandemic. It would not be surprising to see additional secondary transmissions of
the virus outside of China.

2. Chinese authorities are reporting a decline of new cases. Could we say that
the virus has peaked and maybe it will slow down? When are you expecting
to have a clearer picture about the evolution of this epidemic?

Although the number of daily cases in China appears to have gone down, it is
too early to tell if this is really a decline in the outbreak.

3. Could the virus become endemic and give seasonal outbreaks?
If China is not able to contain the outbreak, it is possible COVID-19 could
become endemic and lead to seasonal outbreaks. However, it is too early to
know the likelihood of this scenario.

4, What about its transmissibility? Some experts say that WHO is
underestimating it's transmissibility. Could the reality be different maybe
because, among other things, many cases stay undetected?

Because of the many unknowns about SARS-CoV-Z, it is difficult to make any
firm conclusions regarding overall transmissibility and severity. However, it
appears to be much more transmissible than SARS. Also, there are likely
asymptomatic COVID-19 infections that are not getting counted because people
do not go to the doctor for testing or treatment if they are not sick.

NIH-001636
