Now in its third year, the Cancer, Autoimmunity, and Immunology Conference focuses on: 1!)
understanding the biology of immune-related adverse events which have occurred in cancer
patients treated with immunotherapies and how that might inform the study of autoimmune
disease, and 2) defining the potential for the study of autoimmune disease to lead to greater
understanding of the treatment and management of immune-related adverse events during and
following cancer therapies. The goal of this interdisciplinary conference is to bring together
people who might not typically interact to promote cross-fertilization for the betterment of both
research and clinical care, which is why there are four NIH ICs very much involved in the
Conference, including: NCI, NIAID, NIAMS, and NIDDK.

Chairing this effort on behalf of the AACR is Julie R. Brahmer, MD, Johns Hopkins University.
From the NIH, we have Elad Sharon, MD, MPH, NCI; Ravi Madan, MD, NCI; Connie
Sommers, PhD, NCI; Howard Young, PhD, NCI; Katarzyna Bourcier, PhD, NCI; Marie
Mancini, PhD, NIAMS; Annette Rothermel, PhD, NIAID; and Lisa Spain, PhD, NIDDK.

I know the diverse audience, including patients, researchers, clinicians, industry, regulators, and
others, would be thrilled by your presence. Of course, we also know that you have participated
in the previous two conference on this topic, which underscores why they would love to have
you participate again!

Please let us know at your earliest convenience if you are interested and able to participate in the
conference on Monday, March 23rd. If you have additional questions or concerns, you can

contact me at jon-retzlaff@aacr.org or

Thanks again, Dr. Fauci, and | look forward to hearing from you!

 

Jon

Jon Retzlaff, MBA, MPA

CHIEF POLICY OFFICER

VICE PRESIDENT, SCIENCE POLICY AND GOVERNMENT AFFAIRS
Office of Science Policy and Government Affairs

AAG American Association
for Cancer Research
FINDING CURES TOGETHER’

American Association for Cancer Research
1401 H Street, NW, Suite 740 | Washington, DC 20005

 

202-898-6499 Direct | 267-765-1087 Fax | DQ) (6} Cell

jon.retziaff@aacr.org | www.AACR.org

Please note that this e-mail and any files transmitted with it may be privilaged, confidential, and protected from disclosure under applicable law. This
information is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential or privileged material. Any review,

NIH-001771
