BEVING — Scientists are studying reports that the incubation period for coronavirus could be longer
than the currently believed 14 days, potentially casting doubt on current quarantine criteria for
containing the virus amid an increasingly urgent effort to stap the epidemic from spreading in nartheast
Asia and across the world.

South Korea and Japan both reported a sharp spike in cases Saturday, while in China, an additional 109
people died and a fifth person died from the virus in Iran. Italian authorities on Saturday said the
country was seeing a sudden rise in coronavirus cases, with roughly 50 confirmed in the past two days
— an outbreak that represents the largest yet across Europe.

Meanwhile, scientists in China reported indications that the virus might be transmissible through urine.
A team of experts from the World Health Organization was due to arrive Saturday in Wuhan, the
epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak.

WHO director-general Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus on Friday stressed the urgency of cantaining the
spread of the coronavirus, after cases were reported earlier in lran and Lebanon.

“Although the window of opportunity is narrowing to contain the outbreak, we still have a chance to
contain it,” he told reporters in Geneva. “If we don’t, if we squander the opportunity, then there will be
a serious problem on our hands.”

Chinese leader Xi Jinping, who has not visited Wuhan since the outbreak began, was briefed that the
situation in the city and in surrounding Hubei province “remains grim and complex,” according to a
report by the official Xinhua News Agency published Saturday.

“The nationwide inflection point of the epidemic has not yet arrived,” the report said after a meeting of
Communist Party leaders.

China’s National Health Commission reported Saturday that 397 new cases of coronavirus had been
diagnosed Friday, taking the total to more than 76,000. The rate of infection outside Hubei appears to
have slowed markedly, although there has been a great deal of confusion about the statistics this week
as Officials have repeatedly changed the criteria for confirming cases.

Among the new cases discovered Friday were a 70-year-old man in Hubei who was confirmed as
infected after 27 days in isolation, while a man in Jiangxi province tested positive after 14 days of
centralized quarantine and five days of isolation at home. On Thursday, authorities reported that a man
in Hubei had tested positive for coronavirus after what appeared to be a 38-day incubation period with
no symptoms.

Coronavirus cases in South Korea skyrocket; cases triple in Japan

In Seoul, the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported Saturday that 229 additional
cases of the coronavirus had been detected, taking the total to 433, more than doubling in the space of
a day. This makes it the worst-affected country outside China.

“Apart from the Diamond Princess cruise ship, [South] Korea now has the most cases outside China, and
we're working closely with the government to fully understand the transmission dynamics that led to
this increase,” Tedros said.

The majority of the new cases have been traced to existing clusters at a church in southern city of Daegu
and a hospital in nearby Cheongdo County, according to the KCDC.

The South Korean government has designated Daegu and surrounding North Gyeongsang province as
“special care zones” where containment efforts and support will be concentrated.

More than half of South Korea’s cases are connected to Daegu branch of the Shincheonji Church of Jesus
the Temple of the Tabernacle of the Testimony.

Since members of the church attended a funeral at nearby Cheongdo Daenam hospital, 111 coronavirus
cases have been reported there, including two patients who died fram the virus.

NIH-001623
