From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Sun, 15 Mar 2020 23:00:03 +0000

To: Talbert, Patricia Y

Subject: Re: Public Health 101: -- Please listen to my Public Health Cry/Recommendation
Attachments: Outlook-1516124588.jpg

Thank you for your note.

A.S. Fauci.

Sent from my iPhone

On Mar 15, 2020, at 6:14 PM, Talbert, Patricia Y <patricia.talbert@howard.edu>
wrote:

Greetings Dr. Fauci,

As you know, we are currently experiencing a public health pandemic, Coronavirus
(COVID-19). | am asking that you take a moment to listen to Fareed Zakaria’s show
that was aired today, Sunday, March 15, 2020, at
(https://www.cnn.com/shows/fareed-zakaria-gps). Please listen to the message
and review the attached chart that was presented on Fareed’s show. This is NOT
about politics, but instead the people. Therefore, let’s call to action that the United
States of America government officials and leaders call for a mandate similar to
other countries, such as China, Italy, and Spain (i.e., now, New York & Illinois) to
help reduce the spread of this virus, flatten the curve, reduce the inundation to our
healthcare system, (which is about to experience the worst morbidity and mortality
outcomes), and work to save lives.

There are too many unknowns for us to continue to go on as status quo. Let’s be
public health officials and petition to mandate the US Administration to move to
action — by putting in place a Mandatory Shutdown of Movement throughout this
Country.

Currently, we have approximately (9 airports in the United States) in total chaos,
which will be another wave and spread of this virus. We are not proactive; instead,
we continue to react late. This is not the public health that | know and have seen
throughout the duration of my public health vocation. We have to change this
Pandemic, so let’s get to work.

#Cry for Pubic Health Action Needed -----****We need this
Administration/Government Committee to LockDown the United States of
America. This can slow down the spread of this disease, save lives, and maybe
within 30 days we can get back on our feet.

Warm and sincere regards - please push action.

NIH-000559
