From: Auchincloss, Hugh (NIH/NIAID) [E] on behalf of Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Tue, 28 Apr 2020 15:50:24 +0000

To: NIAID OD AM

Subject: FW: Invitation from the Investment Community

Attachments: Letter of invitation_Dr. Anthony Fauci from UBS Investment Bank (1).pdf

| don’t think so.

From: Elizabeth Haenle[ ES (1) 5

Sent: Tuesday, April 28, 2020 11:36 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [EJZ >

Subject: Invitation from the Investment Community
Dear Dr. Fauci,

| am the co-founder of SAGE Worldwide, a global speaker and consulting company. | am reaching out on
behalf of one of my partners, Robert Karofsky, Co-President of UBS Investment Bank, with an invitation
to join the UBS Global response to Cov:d-19 in a live streaming moderated discussion on May 18.
Alternatively your conversation could be pre-recorded to accommodate your busy schedule. At this
critically important time in our nation's history, the investment community wants to help our nation
fight Covid-19 and use our country's economic engine to find a cure and solutions for Covid-19. They
also are thinking through how to help our nation's businesses going forward. Your expertise is
important to this conversation.

By way of background, I served in the White House for eight years in the Bush Administration as the
Social Secretary to Vice President Cheney. In that capacity, | had the privilege of curating a range of
discussions with global thinkers and thought leaders on the world’s most pressing topics. At SAGE, we
bring that level of excellence to our business partners as we help curate discussions that have an impact
on public awareness and investor sentiment, which is particularly important as the U.S. responds to
Covid-19.

Additionally, CF
Ce]
CC]

Participants at the UBS Global Healthcare Conference provide critical funding to pharmaceuticals and
healthcare research and are the businesses on the frontline of the Covid-19 healthcare response.

Attached please find an invitation from UBS with further details of the event. | welcome the opportunity
to hear from you at your earliest convenience, and thank you for your important work and dedication to
our country’s well being over the course of your distinguished career and service at NIAID.

Warmest regards,
Elizabeth Haenle
Co-Founder, SAGE Worldwide

Phone: Fy)

Attachment 1
