4) Ensure all the medical providers with offices, give out their office telephone
numbers and have staff trained to triage calls so people can stay home until they
are well.
5) Ensure levothyroxine (the US most common Rx) is made in the USA from
ingredients made in the USA. Ditto for down the line of the most necessary and
common Rx, including Ventolin, and the antibiotics that would treat bacterial
superinfection of COVID-19 (particularly the ones that can be used at home:
macrolides, etc.)
6) Encourage prevention of superinfection with clean respiratory toilet, hydration,
chest PT preferred over suctioning, clean environment, including cleaning floors
daily. One of the most successful methods of chest PT involves the patient lying on
the bed with their face near the floor. Decreasing the load of pulmonary sputum is
critical.
7) There is very large number of semi-retired physicians, such as myself who would
probably like to be utilized (an paid a little) for telemedicine to assist with triage.
We can do telemedicine at home. | am not set up to do this but will soon be set
up and able. We need to know which companies we can trust to hire us.
There should be telemedicine training and tracking coming from the CDC or
other state and national governments.
8) Is the 3/3/20 John Kehoe Financial Times article correct? Is it not best to predict
mortality so as to more realistically prepare for post-COVID-19 recovery
economically and socially and give confidence by being transparent?
| see recovery jobs being the young taking care of the old after most have had it
and been cured or succumbed. Then the other half of the people will get it, too...
Is there some stigma attached to the word "infrastructure" that would prevent
recovery of our economy?
9) | do not wee the recommendations for Flu and both pneumovax vaccines, but
the recommendation needs to get out broadly right away.
10) Wuhan had to truck in food...how are we planning? Canned food decreases
one's immune system. Fresh fruits and vegetables, frozen or dried are needed.
11) China closed all the theaters...and we should also start closing the use of public
places, particularly asking folks in their 60's and older to stay home now.
12) Recommend providers write three month supply of Rx for all patients,
to decrease visits out and ensure availability.
13) The closure of schools might spread COVID-19 unless children have food to eat
at home and the parents comply.
14) Will census takers spread it? Should the census be postponed or performed via
hazmat suit or in another fashion?
This is a long list. Please look into 2-packs of Echinacea with instructions.
Get enough sleep/stay well.
Thank you.
Best regards,
Gretchen Boise, MD

LLC®} (caller must announce who they are)

NIH-000855
