 

From: pb) 6)

Sent: Wed, 18 Mar 2020 19:55:14 -0400
To: Holly Kreutter

Subject: Re: airport screenings

Thank you for your note.

A.S. Fauci

Sent from my iPhone

On Mar 18, 2020, at 7:10 PM, Holly Kreutterf— © wrote:

Dear Dr Fauci,

First of all, thank you for all the hard work you've done to help mitigate the
coronavirus outbreak. We're clearly not there yet, but are further along with your
efforts.

I'm not sure whom to contact about this, and so am writing you because I'm
confidant you can get it to the right hands. With regards to the recent closures to
Europe and so many Americans coming home, | was at first heartened to hear that
all Americans returning would be medically screened and encouraged to/mace to
quarantine for 14 days. However, | was then disheartened to learn that that hasn't
been the case, at least through this past Saturday.

[_“©y} was on business in Amsterdam last week and rushed home last Thursday
after hearing on Wednesday evening about President Trump's Friday midnight
shutdown. He came in through LAX from Amsterdam, and wasn't asked any
medical questions, nor was he asked to quarantine. Then a friend came in through
Miami from Paris on Saturday, and was only given a short medical form to fill out,
and then let go. No medical check, no temperature screening, no further questions.
From touchdown to taxi (plus picking up bags), 45 minutes total.

Having lived in Singapore through SARS, I'm deeply disturbed. We had
medical/temperature checks at all airports, and mandatory quarantines for anyone
with possible contact with a SARS contact/patient. The virus was quickly and
efficiently contained, and the same has been done in Singapore to date with Covid
19.

| was heartened last Friday as | learned that the federal government was onboard,
and hearing about significant measures that would be taken soon. | must say I've
been disheartened as of today, with not enough tests, mask, respirators and
ventilators in place. And then hearing of the lack of medical screenings at airports.
Please help, as | know you've so desperately been trying to do. And please help to
stem any incorrect information going out from our President, information which

NIH-000421
