Regional Medical Center Everett in Washington is “interesting,”
said Scott Lindquist, the state epidemiologist for infectious
disease at Washington’s Department of Health.

“That adds to the knowledge about this,” he told reporters
ona conference call Friday. “It’s not only excreted in your
respiratory secretions, it’s also secreted in your stool.”

Read More: What You Need to Know About the Spreading
Coronavirus

Researchers don’t yet know how exactly 2019-nCoV spreads
from person to person, but suspect it’s most likely from coming
into contact with virus-containing droplets that could be
emitted by an infected person’s cough and transferred to their
hands or surfaces and objects.

Face Masks

That’s led to a run on face masks. But those may be of

limited benefit in the event the virus is being transmitted via
the fecal-oral route, said John Nicholls, a clinical professor

of pathology at the University of Hong Kong.

Squat latrines, common in China, lacking covers and hands

that aren’t washed thoroughly with soap and water after visiting
the bathroom could be a source of virus transmission, said
Nicholls, who was part of the research team that isolated and
characterized the SARS virus.

A virus-laden aerosol plume emanating from a SARS patient
with diarrhea was implicated in possibly hundreds of cases at
Hong Kong’s Amoy Gardens housing complex in 2003. That led the
city’s researchers to understand the importance of the virus’s
spread through the gastrointestinal tract, and to recognize both
the limitation of face masks and importance of cleanliness and
hygiene, Nicholls said in an interview.

“| think in Wuhan, that would be a very likely place where

you might get the transmission” from fecal material, he said.

“If it’s using the same receptor as for SARS, | can’t see why it
shouldn’t be replicating in the gut.”

Nicholls and colleagues at the University of Hong Kong are
testing laboratory models of human tissues and specimens to
understand where and how the Wuhan virus replicates, he said.

Emerging Evidence

Doctors have reported diarrhea infrequently in 2019-nCoV
patientsadmitted to Wuhan hospitals, though it’s been more
prominent among reported cases outside the city, including
members of a Shenzhen family infected in Wuhan, and more
recently in the first U.S. case in Washington state. That
patient experienced a two-day bout of diarrhea from which a

NIH-00237 1
