From: cog

Sent: Wed, 18 Mar 2020 19:54:24 -0400

To: NIAID Public Inquiries

Subject: Fwd: Volunteer status for current nursing students

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: Ivan Bocardo [7
Date: March 18, 2020 at 7:16:25 PM EDT

To: "Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]"

Subject: Volunteer status for current nursing students

Dear Dr. Anthony Fauci,

My name is Ivan Bocardo, and am af") @ U.S. Army Medic (68W) deployed to
Afghanistan in 2011-2012. | can send you my resume so you can see my skills and abilities that |
can bring to the table. Am currently in nursing school (R.N. ) in Rego Park, Queens with a

OE
My school ( | ) has
recieved a request from New York Governor Cuomo's office looking or nursing students to help

volunteer. However many students like myself are very hesitant to volunteer for the simple fact
that it will interfere with our studies and we will still have to comply with class assignments and
class exams and especially with final exams this current semester coming up at the middle to
end of April 2020. Yet many of my fellow classmates would love a chance to stand up and
deliver help during these trying times. However our school will not except any excuses for
lateness or absence even though we are now on an online learning as of this moment. So our
greatest fear is that we wont finish this semester and will not be able to start next semester ( it
starts April 28, 2020 for our schoo )... basically 2 semesters wasted and it will push back our
graduation date and furthermore incur more student loans in order to continue with school.

  

This is why | am writing to your office if an exception can be made and we can have OTJ ( on the
job training for nursing) and recieve credit and for our current semester and possibly our next
semester. Many of the students | speak about already have a Bachelor's degree ( | myself have
a B.S. in Biology from (OJ) and many are or have worked as Nurse
aides in many NYC area local hospitals with many years of excellent experience. Imagine if you
are able to approve this for many nursing school students in just the New York City area and
Long Island Suburbs. This would be virtually an untapped experienced workforce of

literally hundreds perhaps maybe thousands of hands on personnel ready to go to help relieve
the over burdened health system workers and provide additional reinforcements due to the
coronavirus. In not only my area of New York city but possibly all over the country where we can
help providing help and additional assistance and reinforcements

Dr. Fauci, | am humbly asking for special permission, we all will need all the help we can get.
Please consider this option as this can be a win/ win situation for not only NYC residents but for
other areas of the country hit hard by this crisis. | have spoken to many of my fellow
classmates and they all understand the risk and would be willing to share the burden with the

NIH-000423
