help you as I know you are leading this and listened to you today with the president. I support
this president fully.

2) I share a paper published today, it on the other hand raises serious questions on the use of
corticosteroids in influenza associated ARDS, and one may argue this patient set, 1s the closest to
the COVID 19 patient.

My sense is that the accumulated evidence thus far is weak and argues against corticosteroids.
For example, this recently published multicenter retrospective cohort study in medical center
ICUs across Taiwan sought to assess the effectiveness of corticosteroids in patients presenting
with influenza-associated ARDS (virology-proven ARDS and are on mechanical ventilation).
Researchers examined the impact of early corticosteroid treatment (> 200 mg hydrocortisone
equivalent dose within 3 days after ICU admission, determined by a sensitivity analysis) on
subsequent hospital mortality. The study revealed that of the 241 patients with influenza-
associated ARDS, those receiving early corticosteroid had a significantly higher hospital
mortality rate than those who did not get early corticosteroid [43.5% (37/85) vs. 19.2% (30/156),
p< 0.001]. Early corticosteroid treatment was independently associated with increased hospital
mortality in overall patients [an adjusted OR of 5.02 (95% CI 2.39-10.54), p< 0.001] and in all
examined subgroups. Researchers found that a higher dose and earlier treatment was linked to
higher hospital mortality. Moreover, they found that earlier treatment was related to a
significantly increased odds of subsequent bacteremia [an adjusted OR of 2.37 (95% CI 1.01-
5.56)]. These results underscore the urgency for robust comparative randomized research given
this study is based on weaker observational evidence that is confounded by selection bias and
confounded. However this was a stronger study that used statistical adjustment and propensity
score matching. Thus this study suggests caution with corticosteroid and thus the importance for
caution by clinicians as to the potential harms of corticosteroids in this population. These results,
while based on weaker methodology, have revealed large estimates of effect, is the strongest
evidence to date on treatment for ARDS, and brings us closest to the COVID-19 ARDS patient.

Best,

Paul E. Alexander, MSc, MHSc, PhD
Assistant Professor

http://he1.mcmaster.ca/
McMaster University, 1280 Main Street W,

Hamilton, ON L8S 4K1
GUIDE Research Methods Group

http://guidecanada.org/

NIH-001 158
