results are heavily biased towards nonsense, because China's
number of cases accounted for the majority of cases worldwide
(until a day or so ago).

I want to emphasize that I do not believe China intentionally did
this to harm the world. I sincerely believe it was done for saving-
face reasons. Saving face is possibly the most powerful
motivating force in China. it is the key to understanding how
most Chinese think and why they do what they do. China wanted
the world to believe that their Herculean quarantining efforts
contained the outbreak. However, I don't think this is true, even
after spraying ~billions of gallon of "Clorox" all the country. The
number of body bags my contacts told me about about, even
after short 15-minutes walk to/from grocery stores in one city
during CCP-authorized time slots, suggest the number of deaths
is several orders of magnitude larger than what China's posted
data indicates. Also, everyone I know in China continues to be in
lock down (~6+ weeks now), and several went "silent" since
about a week ago. This greatly troubles me because those who
went silent live in Wuhan. And, yesterday, the CCP revoked
permits/license for several Foreign reporters who were trying to
learn about about the situation in Wuhan and other parts of
China. Several of my sources have told me, in coded language,
that the situation in at least Wuhan is not under control at all. In
my opinion, China is continues to be extremely concerned about
saving face (first) and their economy (second). Their economy is
already suffering terribly, and they can't afford to lose the many
large manufacturing and other business agreements with foreign
countries. This is why I believe they're trying, and succeeding to
convince many, to convince most of their population that the
outbreak is under control, and it will soon be ok to return to work
-- even though it will not be safe, because of current outbreak
and outbreak # 2 that will likely start soon. Citizens are not
allowed to travel beyond a few stores and, in special cases, their
work office, so even people who live their have no idea what's
really going on especially in Hubei province including Wuhan.
Also, an H15N outbreak seems to have recently started in

NIH-000407
