 

clinical practice.
e Abstract
@ Info/History

e Metrics

e Preview PDF

Abstract

Summary Background The nove! coronavirus (CoV) severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS)-CoV-2
outbreak started at the end of 2019 in Wuhan, China, and spread over 100 countries. SARS-CoV-2 uses
the membrane protein Angiotensin | converting enzyme 2(ACE2) as a cell entry receptor. Indeed, it was
reported that the balance of Renin-Angiotensin System (RAS), regulated by both ACE and ACE2, was
altered in COVID-19 patients. It is controversial, however, whether commonly used anti-hypertensive
drugs Angiotensin | converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEI) and Angiotensin lI receptor blocker (ARB) shall be
continued in the confirmed COVID-19 patients. This study was designed to investigate any difference in
disease severity between COVID-19 patients with hypertension comorbidity. The included COVID-19
patients used ACEI, ARB, calcium channel blockers {CCB), beta blockers {BB}, or thiazide to treat
preexisting hypertension prior to the hospital were compared to patients who did not take any of those
drugs. Methods In this multicentre retrospective study, clinical data of 511 COVID-19 patients were
analyzed, Patients were categorized into six sub-groups of hypertension comorbidity based on
treatment using one of anti-hypertension drugs (ACEI, ARB, CCB, BB, thiazide), or none. A meta-analysis
was performed to evaluate the use of ACEI and ARB associated with pneumonia using published studies.
Findings Among the elderly (age>65) COVID-19 patients with hypertension comorbidity, the risk of
COVID-19-S (severe disease) was significantly decreased in patients who took ARB drugs prior to
hospitalization compared to patients who took no drugs {(OR=0.343, 95% Cl 0.128-0.916, p=0.025). The
meta-analysis showed that ARB use has positive effects associated with morbidity and mortality of
oneumonia. Interpretation Elderly (age>65) COVID-19 patients with hypertension comorbidity who are
taking ARB anti-hypertension drugs may be less likely to develop severe lung disease compared to
patients who take no anti-hypertension drugs. Funding National Natural Science Foundation of China,
Chinese Academy of Medical! Sciences

Disclaimer: Any third-party material in this email has been shared for internal use under fair use provisions
of U.S. copyright law, without further verification of its accuracy/veracity. It does not necessarily represent
my views nor those of NIAID, NIH, HHS, or the U.S. government.

MedStar Health is a not-for-profit. integrated healthcare delivery system, the largest in Maryland and the Washington, D.C., region. Natonally
recognized for clinical quality in heart, orthopaedics, cancer and GI

IMPORTANT: This e-manl (including any attachments) may contain information that is private, confidential. or protected by atlorney-client or
other prividage. Hf you received this e-mail in error. please delete it from your system without copying it and notify sender by reply e-mail, so
ihat our records can be corrected... Thank you.

Help conserve valuable resaurces - only print this email if necessary.

NIH-000149
