its first drug heading into clinical trials. The Company believes that additional topical treatment candidates in the
HerpeCide™ program, namely, HSV-1 "cold sores" treatment, and HSV-2 "genital ulcers” treatment are expected to
follow the shingles candidate into IND-enabling development and then into human clinical trials. These additional
candidates are based on NV-HHV-101, thereby maximizing return on investments and shareholder value.

The Company develops its class of drugs, that we call nanoviricides®, using a platform technology. This approach
enables rapid development of new drugs against a number of different viruses. A nanoviricide is a "biomimetic" - it
is designed to “look like" the cell surface to the virus. The nanoviricide® technology enables direct attacks at
multiple points on a virus particle. It is believed that such attacks would lead to the virus particle becoming
ineffective at infecting cells. Antibodies in contrast attack a virus particle at only a maximum of two attachment
points per antibody. In addition, the nanoviricide technology also simultaneously enables attacking the rapid
intracellular reproduction of the virus by incorporating one or more active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) within
the core of the nanoviricide. The nanoviricide technology is the only technology in the world, to the best of our
knowledge, that is capable of both (a) attacking extracellular virus, thereby breaking the reinfection cycle, and
simultaneously (b) disrupting intracellular production of the virus, thereby enabling complete control of a virus
infection.

About NanoViricides

NanoViricides, Inc.(www.nanoviricides.com)is a development stage company that is creating special purpose
nanomaterials for antiviral therapy. The Company's novel nanoviricide® class of drug candidates are designed to
specifically attack enveloped virus particles and to dismantle them. Our lead drug candidate is NV-HHV-101 with
its first indication as dermal topical cream for the treatment of shingles rash. The Company is also developing drugs
against a number of viral diseases including oral and genital Herpes, viral diseases of the eye including EKC and
herpes keratitis, HIN] swine flu, HSN1 bird flu, seasonal Influenza, HIV, Hepatitis C, Rabies, Dengue fever, and
Ebola virus, among others. The Company's technology is based on broad, exclusive, sub-licensable, field licenses to
drugs developed in these areas from TheraCour Pharma, Inc. This press release contains forward-looking statements
that reflect the Company's current expectation regarding future events. Actual events could differ materially and
substantially from those projected herein and depend on a number of factors. Certain statements in this release, and
other written or oral statements made by NanoViricides, Inc. are "forward-looking statements” within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. You should
not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors which are, in some cases, beyond the Company's control and which could, and likely will,
materially affect actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. The Company assumes no
obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, or to update the reasons
actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new
information becomes available in the future. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from the company's expectations include, but are not limited to, those factors that are disclosed under the heading
"Risk Factors" and elsewhere in documents filed by the company from time to time with the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission and other regulatory authorities. Although it 1s not possible to predict or identify all such
factors, they may include the following: demonstration and proof of principle in preclinical trials that a nanoviricide
is safe and effective; successful development of our product candidates; our ability to seek and obtain regulatory
approvals, including with respect to the indications we are seeking; the successful commercialization of our product
candidates; and market acceptance of our products. FDA refers to US Food and Drug Administration. IND
application refers to "Investigational New Drug” application. CMC refers to "Chemistry, Manufacture, and
Controls”.

Contact:

NanoViricides, Inc.
info@nanoviricides.com

NIH-002418
