supplementation (only prescribed by a physician who should monitored progress)
should not be permitted above a reference range of 48% in males and 45% in
females. Similar research confirms this report.[21] [22] [23]

Does exercise intensity increase EPO?

It's complicated. Roberts & Smith measured the effects of exercise-induced hypoxia
on the physiological production of erythropoietin. Twenty athletes exercised for 3
min at 106-112% maximal oxygen consumption. The fitness of these athletes
provides a physiological environment for increasing EPO naturally from short 3-
minute all-out intervals. Estimated oxyhemoglobin saturation was measured by
reflective probe pulse oximetry (Nellcor N200) and was validated against arterial
oxyhemoglobin saturation by CO-oximetry in eight athletes. Serum erythropoietin
concentrations, as measured using the INCSTAR Epo-Trac radioimmunoassay,
increased significantly by 19-37% at 24 hours post-exercise in 11 participants who
also had an arterial oxyhemoglobin saturation < or = 91%. Decreased ferritin levels
and increased reticulocyte counts were observed at 96 hours post-exercise. However,
no significant changes in EPO levels were observed in nine non-desaturating
athletes and eight non-exercise controls. Good agreement was shown between
arterial oxyhemoglobin saturation and percent estimated oxyhaemoglobin saturation
(limits of agreement = -3.9 to 3.7. They concluded that a short 3 minutes
supramaximal exercise period could induce both hypoxemia and increased
erythropoietin levels in well-trained individuals. The decline of arterial hypoxemia
levels below 91% during exercise appears to be necessary for the exercise-induced
elevation of serum erythropoietin levels. Furthermore, reflective probe pulse
oximetry was found to be a valid predictor of percent arterial oxyhemoglobin
saturation during supramaximal exercise when percent estimated oxyhemoglobin
saturation > or = 86%.[9]

What naturally occuring, nutritional building blocks aid in EPO production?

Protein adequacy 1s a factor in erythropoietin (EPO) production. Inadequate protein
nutrition can reduce the EPO produced. The erythroid response to Erythropoietin
(EPO) is highly dependent on dietary protein adequacy and quality. The mouse
spleen is an erythropoietic organ, which contains an EPO-responsive cell population
that can be easily amplified by administration of the hormone. Researchers
determined the effect of a protein-free diet offered freely to mice up to two days
after injection of r-Hu EPO (1000mU/200 ul) on the response of the above
population. Splenic cell suspensions from control and experimental mice were
prepared in microwells containing 400 mU r-Hu EPO and appropriate medium. The
response to EPO was evaluated in terms of 3H-thymidine uptake. The results
obtained indicate that acutely induced protein restriction suppressed the response of
the EPO-responsive splenic cell population to EPO when it was imposed on mice
immediately after hormone injection, and suggest the appearance of deficient rates
of differentiation of erythropoietic units by protein restriction.[ 11] Adequate dietary
protein intake is 1.4-1.7 grams/kilogram body weight per day for an endurance

NIH-000502
