From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Mion, 10 Feb 2020 18:52:31 +0000
To: Strauss, Eric M.

Ce: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: RE: Heat kills novel Coronavirus
Eric:

The following is allon background. Coronaviruses in general tend to circulate
and infect predominantly in the winter season (Northern and Southern
hemispheres have opposite seasons). We do not know for sure why this is the
case; however, many believe that the enclosed spaces in winter (mostly indoor
because it is cold) allows better spread of a respiratory borne virus. Also, some
viruses tend to thrive in cold, dry weather as opposed to warm, moist weather.
Remember, however, that when it is summer here, it is winter in Australia and
Argentina. This may be the genesis of the information given to President Xi and
President Trump that the virus may “go away” in the warm weather. However,
this is a brand new virus with which we have no prior experience and it is entirely
conceivable that seasonal changes will not have any impact on the spread.

Hope that this is helpful.
Best,
Tony

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Bullding 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone:

FAX: (301) 496-4409 .
E-mail:[ OG)

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

 

From: Strauss, Eric M. <Eric.M.Strauss@abc.com>
Sent: Monday, February 10, 2020 12:27 PM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <
Subject: Heat kills novel Coronavirus

 

NIH-001992
