criteria. Additional information about disclosure of financial and other associations appears below this letter.

Please bear in mind that your editorial represents your (and any coauthor’s) personal opinion. The Journal does not
include statements of grant or other support or acknowledgments with editorials.

Journal policy dictates that we must have on file a signed Copyright Transfer and Authorship Agreement from each
author before a manuscript can be accepted. Therefore, the enclosed form should be signed by all authors and faxed
to (781) 207-6529.

Your editorial is due at the Journal on Monday, February 17, at the very latest if the deadline imposed by our
printing schedule is to be met. If the editorial is to include a figure, please submit the figure at least one week before
the due date for the editorial itself.

*** Additional information about preparing and submitting your editorial is given below; please read it carefully.
* OK

The editors must reserve the right to edit (or even reject) your editorial, but whether we use it or not, the Journal
currently offers a modest stipend of $300.

Thanks again for agreeing to write this editorial for the Journal. I look forward to receiving tt.
Sincerely yours,

Lindsey R. Baden, M.D.
Deputy Editor

New England Journal of Medicine
10 Shattuck Street

Boston, MA 02115

(617) 734-9800

Fax: (617) 739-9864

http://www.nejm.org

LENGTH OF YOUR EDITORIAL

NEJM editorials should not exceed two printed pages. This means that your word count before editing should not
exceed 750 words (approximately 4500 characters). Note that we spell out trial names and most other abbreviations
for our readers, and we include trial registration numbers for any clinical trials mentioned; these will lengthen your
editorial if you have not included them. Please provide a title not exceeding 45 characters and a word count for the
text; the entire manuscript, including references, should be double-spaced.

REFERENCES
Cite no more than 10 references, including the article you are writing about. The average collection of 10 references
requires about a quarter of a printed page.

TABLE OR FIGURE

A table or a figure in your editorial will require a reduction in the number of words; because figures and tables vary
in size, you may be asked to shorten the text of your editorial during the production process. A quarter-page table
roughly equals 250 words, and a half-page table roughly equals 500 words.

DISCLOSURES

When completing your disclosure form, please indicate, in the "Comments" field next to the type of relationship
being disclosed, the amount (in U.S. dollars) of any support you have received. Please also indicate how much of
this support has been received over the past 2 years. Please e-mail your completed disclosure form to
editorial@nejm.org.

NIH-001757
