From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Sent:
To:
Subject: RE: Greetings from your former employee (UNCLASSIFIED)

 

Many thanks for your kind note. I hope that all is well with you.
Best regards,,.
Tony

~---- Original Messave----- .
From: Sn kb) (OY

Sent: Thursday, April 2, 2020 4:59 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] [SE
Subject: Greetings from your former employee (UNCLASSIFIED)

   

CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED

Dear Dr. Fauci,

 
 
 

I was in touch with b) (6} back in January and he said you all were underwater there with coronavirus. |
can only imagine how much busier you are now, with COVID-19 taking hold across America.

We (myself, husband, and family) have followed the news since the start. In watching, I was reminded of the old
sign we had posted on the printer between [7 @) @Jand my desk for quite some time that read, "Keep Calm and
Trust Fauci". I can't recall whether we put that up during the Ebola outbreak or Zika, but never has it been more true.
We never cease to be amazed at how well you carry yourself, respond to politically loaded questions. and get the
truth out in such a way that any viewer can understand.

You also never seem to frustrate from answering the same questions which I am sure must get old. There has been
one question I have yet to hear asked however. Who is cutting your hair? | know you used to have a regular gal but
with social distancing, we are speculating that perhaps there is a White House barber you use. Of course we know
how busy you are so don't expect a reply, just wanted to throw you a question you may not have had yet. | am also
wondering how your office tree is doing. How many bungee cords are supporting it these days?

We have found plenty of reasons to smile with the whole family getting in on what we're dubbing the ASF #1 Fan
Club. From memes, to cartoons, to t-shirts, we are all here supporting you and wishing for your continued health and
success. I am attaching some of our shenanigans in hopes you get a kick out of it and to provide some comic relief.

You've been thanked over and over but I must say it too. Thank you, Dr. Fauci, for all that you do. And thank you to
the staff behind the scenes that makes it happen. [OYE is no doubt just as busy as you as always (0), are you

reading this email? Hi!). When we see you at all hours from the NIH studio and your office, I think of the media
staff support you receive, and especially assistance from [2 OF ©} for helping the ship run smoothly

while you are constantly engaged, | 5} and your family. the list goes on. Thank you and thanks to your team.

 

 

 

Best wishes,

 

Directorate of Human Resources
USAG Fort Detrick

NIH-O00065
