From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Wed, 11 Mar 2020 11:53:45 +0000
To: Lerner, Andrea (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: FW: From Whit Clark; possible theory and plausible new thinking about a

Coronavirus

Please respond.

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Discases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892- 2520

Phone: (7 ~~) (6]

FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive information. It
should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you have received this e-mail in error
please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any other storage devices. The National Institute of
Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own
and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

 

----- Original Message-----

From: Whit ClarkE OY >

Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2020 7:39 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [Ee] OO

Subject: From Whit Clark; possible theory and plausible 1 new Thinking about a Coronavirus

  
 
 

 

In Later November, |

 
 

3 After a discussion with my daughter

y P 6) area), we theorized that the Coronavirus May well have already been
here before the close of 2019. China had likely had the outbreak begin much earlier but never acknowledged it;
people traveling to China from the US could have returned and brought the virus with them at a much earlier date.
When thinking about the number of people my daughter and I have known that had a bout of respiratory illness with
a cough that continued much longer than the typical cold, we are proposing a theory that possibly Corona made its
entry here much carlier....and this ncw expected outbreak may well be morc of a continuation and less threatening
than possibly theorized at this time. It is just a thought but I thought it was worth sharing. If true, we have already
met the disease and the deaths attributed to “normal” flus and respiratory causes in the elderly and previously
impaired, may have been caused by Coronavirus. This could be a slightly new twist and could present a slightly
lower concern for a new major outbreak. Just a thought.....

Whit Clark (William

 

Sent from my iPhone

NIH-000689
