A medical worker in a hospital in Wuhan working with traditional medicines to treat
patients.Credit...Agence France-Presse — Getty Images

China is restarting its economy now. How can it do that without creating a new wave of infections?
It’s a “phased restart.” It means different things in different provinces.

Some are keeping schools closed longer. Some are only letting factories that make things crucial to the
supply chain open. For migrant workers who went home — well, Chengdu has 5 million migrant
workers.

First, you have to see a doctor and get a certificate that you’re “no risk.” It’s good for three days.

Then you take the train to where you work. If it’s Beijing, you then have to self-quarantine for two
weeks. Your temperature is monitored, sometimes by phone, sometimes by physical check.

What’s going on with the treatment clinical trials?

They’re double-blind trials, so | don’t know the results. We should know more in a couple of weeks.
The biggest challenge was enrolling people. The number of severe patients is dropping, and there’s
competition for them. And every ward is run by a team from another province, so you have to negotiate
with each one, make sure they’re doing the protocols right.

And there are 200 trials registered — too many. | told them: “You’ve got to prioritize things that have
promising antiviral properties.”

And they’re testing traditional medicines?

Yes, but it’s a few standard formulations. It’s not some guy sitting at the end of the bed cooking up
herbs. They think they have some fever-reducing or anti-inflammatory properties. Not antivirals, but it
makes people feel better because they’re used to it.

What did you do to protect yourself?

A heap of hand-sanitizer. We wore masks, because it was government policy. We didn’t meet patients
or contacts of patients or go into hospital dirty zones.

And we were socially distant. We sat one per row on the bus. We ate meals in our hotel rooms or else
one person per table. In conference rooms, we sat one per table and used microphones or shouted at
each other.

That’s why I’m so hoarse. But | was tested, and | know | don’t have Covid.

NIH-000922
