From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Thu, 20 Feb 2020 23:28:04 +0000
To: Achenbach, Joel
Subject: RE: quick question: when does an epidemic become a "pandemic" officially?

It is impossible to predict at this point if the current outbreak will progress to a
true pandemic. The future of this outbreak and whether it will progress to a
pandemic will be determined by two factors: 1) the degree to which China
controls infections in China, which will ultimately impact how many infections
leak out to other countries in the world. 2) The success or not of other countries
that have received travel-related cases from China in preventing the development
of sustained transmission of infections in their own country. If these other
countries are successful in containing the transmissions, then a pandemic will be
avoided. Ifa large number of countries are unsuccessful in preventing sustained
multi-generation transmissions, then we could witness the next pandemic.

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone: b) (6)

FAX: (301) 496-4409
E-mailf 0) 6

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. [It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

 

From: Achenbach, Joel <Joel.Achenbach@washpost.com>
Sent: Thursday, February 20, 2020 6:11 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]J[Z—__ OY >

Subject: RE: quick question: when does an epidemic become a "pandemic" officially?

Oh....and...the big question: How likely is it that covid-19 will become a pandemic? Would love an on-
the-record assessment. Thanks...joel

From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) (EJ OJ >

Sent: Thursday, February 20, 2020 6:06 PM

To: Achenbach, Joel <Joel.Achenbach@washpost.com>

Subject: RE: quick question: when does an epidemic become a "pandemic" officially?

NIH-001709
