(RBC's) [2]. EPO increases the body's blood-oxygen carrying capacity, but only up
to a point. An overabundance may compromise health and hinder blood flow
dynamics with performance-limiting implications. In the absence of EPO, only a
few RBC's are formed by the bone marrow.

Why are RBC's important?

Red blood cells carry iron-rich hemoglobin for up to 120-days, then they die. Unless
there is a continual supply of Iron, Vitamin B-12, Vitamin C and Folacin, anemia
and reduced oxygen carrying capacity manifests in two ways:

Low red blood cell count
Malformed red blood cells.

How can one increase their oxygen carrying capacity?

There 1s a distinct difference between unethical, harmful, EPO-blood doping
methods and the safe nutrition that effectively increases individual oxygen-carrying
capacity. Once can improve their health and oxygen carrying capacity similar to
EPO without compromising the athlete's health or integrity. EPO levels up to 48%
safely improve performance in males, however beyond this level, the risk of
compromised health increases. Look to dietary suggestions below regarding
vitamins, minerals, proteins, and avoiding anemia to ensure oxygen carrying

capacity.
Can excess EPO can be lethal?

Yes. The margin between effective and lethal quantities of EPO is very narrow. EPO
use can be LETHAL. Many athletes seeking to derive its performance-enhancing
effects have died from incorrectly-administered EPO. Inappropriate use of
exogenous EPO can cause elevated hematocrit levels (i.e. thickened blood that is
difficult to pump). Elevated EPO increases the risk of heart attack due to the
increase in hematocrit. Choosing sustainable, healthy choices is preferred.

Exogenous EPO 1s totally cleared from the urine within 48 hours of its
administration and is cleared from the blood within 72 hours of its administration
but its physiological effects prevail for several months).[3] A look at EPO's complex
pathway further illustrates a complex physiological process below, see
PATHWAYS[4]. Research followed over 7,000 middle-aged men for more than 12
years, and discovered that the risk of diabetes increases proportionate to hematocrit
increase.[ 19] [20]. Men with hematocrits above 48 percent have a 400% increased
risk of non-insulin-dependent-diabetes mellitus. The upper recommended levels for
a female is slightly lower at 45%.

This nutritional intervention parallels exercise intensitys effect for increasing EPO.
Nutritional and training interventions for resolving low EPO levels during iron

NIH-000501
