From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

   

Sent: Sat, 1 Feb 2020 12:32:57 +0000
To: es 1)
Subject: FW: 2019 novel Coronavirus Global research and innovation forum: towards a
research roadmap Feb 11-12, 2020 Geneva WHO HQ
Attachments: Global Research Forum dv2AMHR AM.PDF
Cliff:
Whom should | nominate? See yellow highlight
Tony

From: SWAMINATHAN, Soumya <0) 6}
Sent: Saturday, February 1, 2020 7:19 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] {OJ Gj>
Subject: 2019 novel Coronavirus Global research and innovation forum: towards a research roadmap
Feb 11-12, 2020 Geneva WHO HQ

 

 

Dear Tony

| am delighted to inform you that WHO is organizing a global research partners forum on February 11"

and 12} jn Geneva, to discuss research priorities related to the novel Corona virus. The expected
outcome is a research roadmap with clearly defined priorities and a governance framework to take each
thematic area forward. Several thematic areas will be considered at the meeting, namely: virus,
diagnostics; natural history and transmission; clinical; therapeutics; vaccines; ethics; regulatory science;
animal health; data/samples analysis and sharing and; social sciences. We believe that this meeting will
be critical in consensus building on the most important research questions, as well as in building global
partnerships and collaborations to take this work forward.

This meeting is being organized in partnership with GLOPID R and is being supported by the Bill and
Melinda Gates foundation, DFID, Wellcome Trust and several other partners. The secretariat within
WHO is the R&D blueprint, co-chaired by Dr Mike Ryan and myself.

As the head of an agency that would play an important role in addressing this new viral outbreak, either
by undertaking or funding research, or both, | take great pleasure in inviting you to this meeting. |
apologize for the short notice, but you will understand that we have had to plan this in the past few
days, keeping in mind the evolving situation.

Kindly let me know if you (or your nominee) will be able to attend and if you need any support from us.

Please copy | and [ | IO) in your response.

 

With best wishes,
Soumya

Dr Soumya Swaminathan

NIH-002424
