From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Sat, 29 Feb 2020 23:06:38 +0000

To: Cassetti, Cristina (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Subject: FW: Rapid Collaboration for Hand & Nasal Decontamination Formulation
Attachments: NORS-viral review_V3.pdf, 1998 Reiss NO plays a role in viral infections. pdf,

2005 Akerstrom NO inhibits Corona Viral replication.pdf, 2010 Jung Nitric & SARS corona virus.pdf, 2013
Regev Nitric reduces viral infectivity.pdf, 2015Regev Nitric cattle vs antibiotics BRD.pdf

Please handle. Thanks.

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone: [DU @) ©
FAX: (301) 496-4409 _
E-mail:[ OO)

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

  

From: Gilly Regev
Sent: Saturday, February 29, 2020 5:50 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]|

Ce: Chris Miller| OO

Subject: Fwd: Rapid Collaboration for Hand & Nasal Decontamination Formulation

 

Dear Dr Fauci,

Dr Murad sits on our BOD and has suggested that we contact you to help expedite a rapid testing of our
product on the COVID-19 virus. | know you are probably overwhelmed but hope you might pass this
along or suggest a strategy that would be a win-win for us all.

We have developed a non-alcohol based formulation that utilizes the nanomolecule nitric oxide (NO). as
you know, NO is produced in our body and is our first line of defense against microbes. We have
harnessed this in a patented formulation called nitric oxide releasing solution/gel (NORGS). We are
focused on the development of products for chronic sinusitis, diabetic foot wounds, warts and toenail
fungus.

However, internally & personally, we have been using NORGS as an extremely effective natural hand
sanitizer and nasal spray to protect ourselves from the common cold and flu for years.

There are strong independent published research that NO is antiviral against Corona viral species. We
hae data showing definite virucidal characteristics and moderate antiviral effects in host cells.

NIH-001168
