screaming and the histrionics are forgotten, that will remain.” Kramer,
who spent years 1n a constant rage at Fauci, now calls him “the only true
and great hero” among government officials in the AIDS crisis.

As Trump defends his Administration’s response to the pandemic, he
has suggested repeatedly that COVID-19 was impossible to predict.
““There’s never been anything like this in history,” he said, at a press
conference on March 19th. “Nobody knew there would be a pandemic or
epidemic of this proportion.”

As everyone with even a casual interest in the history of science knows,
pandemics have altered the destiny of humanity at least since 430 B.C.,
when Athens was struck by a plague that killed as many as two-thirds of
its residents, just as the Spartans were laying siege. Beginning in 165
A.D., smallpox helped ruin the Roman Empire, sowing more destruction
than foreign armies ever could. And, in the fourteenth century, the Black
Death swept through Europe, killing more than half the population,
according to recent estimates.

Yet, by the middle of the twentieth century, many scientists had begun
to conceive of a world that was largely free of infectious epidemics. In
1951, Sir Frank Macfarlane Burnet, a future Nobel laureate in medicine,
wrote, “The fever hospitals are vanishing or being turned to other uses.
With full use of the knowledge we already possess, the effective control
of every important infectious disease”—with the exception of polio—“is
possible.” His optimism was understandable. Antibiotics had made
many lethal diseases easy to treat; improvements in sanitary conditions
had transformed the lives of hundreds of millions of people. In
developed countries, typhoid, cholera, and measles—mayjor killers
throughout history—had largely passed into memory; even tuberculosis,
one of the great scourges of humanity, had been in decline for nearly
half a century. By 1972, Macfarlane, writing with the microbiologist
David White, was predicting that the “most likely forecast about the
future of infectious diseases is that it will be very dull.”

When Fauci was a young trainee, these kinds of predictions sometimes
made him wonder if he had picked the wrong career. “I became
