From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Fri, 24 Apr 2020 14:25:16 +0000
To: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: FW: Italy Covid-19

La Stampa is one of the two most important newspapers in Italy.

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone:[ (0)
FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail: C—O}

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. it should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

  

 

From: Mastrolilli Paolo <Paolo.MASTROLILLI@lastampa.it>
Sent: Friday, April 24, 2020 10:08 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) ——)

Subject: Italy Covid-19

Dear Doctor Fauci,

My name is Paolo Mastrolilli, |am the US Bureau Chief for the Italian daily La Stampa.

lam writing because we would appreciate very much the opportunity to have a phone or
written Q&As interview with you to discuss the Covid 19 pandemic. Considering the difficult
situation Italy is experiencing, the help President Trump is sending to Italy, and the plan to open
America again, it would be very helpful for Italy to hear from your experience and competence
to address the Covid 19. We think that your advices would be very helpful to help our country
and our citizens in dealing with the pandemic.

We understand that you are very busy and this request has no deadline.

La Stampa is a leading Italian daily, it is owned by the Agnelli Elkann family, owner of Fiat
Chrysler as well.

|am also a contributor for the Vatican Radio and the official news portal of the Holy See, |
would share the interview with them as well, if you like.

My cellphone number iss___ C6

Please let me know if you need any further information.

Best regards

Paolo Mastrolilli
