 

[External Email. Use caution when clicking links or opening file attachments:
Nick,

Following up on our conversation this weekend, | am including some information below about our Remote Patient
Monitoring platform which we are making available for free to health agencies and organizations participating in
the response to COVID-19 in the United States.

Remote Patient Monitoring with FollowApp is a HIPAA-Compliant system that helps health officials to diagnose,
contain and treat this highly transmissible viral threat by enabling the effective screening of large numbers of
potential patients and to triage/prioritize targeted clinical interventions including the use of test kits.

FollowApp's monitoring dashboard and patient mobile applications (iOS and Android) can be used to deliver two of
the keys to an effective response plan: 1) encourage “self-quarantining” (a fundamental epidemiologic tenet) and
2) off-load exploding clinical volume threatening hospital Emergency Departments. Healthcare systems are thus
able to maintain important contact with these populations and recommend targeted escalation of care when
needed, while decreasing exposure to both clinicians and other patients.

The public perception of the lethality of this global pandemic is fueling panic which, in and of itself, is creating its
own logistic issues that are already beginning to overwhelm hospital Emergency Departments. The dilemma for

health care systems, then, becomes a question of identifying subpopulations at increased risk while at the same

time, keeping these patients out of the hospital.

Please feel free to forward this email along with my contact information (cellf—_ (6) @}) -- | would be happy to
provide a demo to anyone who may be interested.

Thank you again,

Greg

Greg O'Keeffe

President & CEO

Human Resolution Technologies, LLC
www.PatientMonitoring.com

Linkedin

The information contained in this e-mail is legally privileged and confidential information intended only for the use of the
individual or entity to whom it is addressed. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby
notified that any viewing, dissemination, distribution, or copy of this e-mail message is strictly prohibited. If you have
received and/or are viewing this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by reply e-mail and delete this e-
mail from your system. Thank you.

@ Virus-free. www.avast.com

SSK OR SSSE KSEE REED SHHH ES HH ESHEETS SH SHSHEESHO HOSE EH EBSE HH ESsH EH ELSES EEHBR ASCE EED

NIH-000727
