From: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E] on behalf of Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Sat, 21 Mar 2020 16:43:19 +0000
To: NIAID OD AM
Subject: FW: Virtual Town Hall with College Students (30+ Schools)?

From: John Monahan <John.Monahan@georgetown.edu>
Sent: Saturday, March 21, 2020 10:11 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [EJS >

Subject: Virtual Town Hall with College Students (30+ Schools)?
Tony --
First of all, thank you for all you are doing to lead our country's response during this crisis.

I hesitate to reach out to you with so much on your plate, but I think this idea might help with the
national response.

In light of the continuing challenge of engaging young people in social distancing measures,
combined with the fact that so many colleges and universities are now teaching online,
Georgetown's Global Health Initiative and Institute for Politics and Public Service are
considering a "virtual town hall" in which you could speak directly with students at colleges and
universities via Zoom (or some other platform) about the collective challenge of COVID-19 and
its risk to their health and to other members of their communitics.

This could be a unique forum for you, as the most trusted person in the public dialogue, to make
the case directly to young people about their vital role in social distancing to flatten the curve in
their communities. We would use social media, of course, to push out key segments and
messages from this event more broadly.

While Georgetown would organize this "virtual town hall", we would work closely with a
network of more than 30 colleges and universities with which our Institute of Politics and Public
Service regularly collaborates. We would also reach out to other schools to ensure a geographic
reach and a mix of public and private institutions. Of course, our team would work closely with
your staff to manage all logistics so as to use your scarce time as efficiently as possible.

Before we go any further in planning or thinking about this, I wanted to see 1f you would have
time to participate or think this is a good idea.

Best!
John

John T. Monahan, JD

NIH-000360
