From: es 1)
Sent: Sun, 15 Mar 2020 15:33:20 -0400

 

To: Xiaoyang Hua, M.D., Ph.D.
Subject: Re: COVID-19 some suggestions

Thank you for your note

Sent from my iPhone

> On Mar 15, 2020, at 3:17 PM, Xiaoyang Hua, M.D., Ph.D. f
>

> Dear Dr. Fauci:

> [am writing to you to express my deepest concems on the COVID-19 outbreak in the USA and would like to
share some thoughts with you.

>

> Tamafl_"() 6} and an otolaryngologist at the Duke Medical Center. I completed my training in
Otolaryngology at the University of lowa in 2019. From 2013 to 2015, | did a research fellowship with Dr. Stanley
Perlman, an expert in coronavirus, to study SARS. Before I came to the States, | was an ENT doctor and had
worked in the epicenter of the COVID-19 outbreak, Wuhan, China for several years. Many of my friends, neighbors,
and colleagues were infected. Some of them have died or are dying. I truly appreciate what you have done to wake
the Americans and warn them about this dangcrous virus outbreak. | hope we are not repeating the mistakes that the

Chinese and Italians have made earlier.
»

 

> I know many physicians and nurses who have been on the frontlines against this coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan
China. Over the past a couple of months, I have been communicating with them about the COVID-19 outbreak. I
have obtained much firsthand information about this virus from medical professionals, including the ICU directors
of major hospitals in Wuhan. Here | want to share some thoughts with you and hope that | can help prevent the
worst in the USA.

>

> For the government:

>

> 1. Close all public schools immediately. My family is inf{——""@Y J. They are yet to decide if they should close
the schools after the spring break. This is one example that has concerned me a lot. In the email from the [[7—"(@) @}
Schoo! District, quote: "there are many factors to be considered any time a decision is made to close schools. These
factors range from evaluating the consequeaces of missed instruction to providing meals to students who rely on the
school’s food service program”, this is extremely short-sighted. These factors, as quoted above, will be very minor
issues and casicr to handle, compared with the potential catastrophic consequences should the virus outbreak be out
of contro] and have paralyzed our already-cverwhelmed medical system in the USA. I hope the federal government
can issue an administrative order to close the public schools.

>

>2. Cancel or postpone any large gathering events more than 20 people. Use tele-conference if necessary.

>

> 3. Every county in this country should have contingent plan in place and have one or several isolation
facilities/temporary shelters in the remote areas using college dorms or hotels, in preparation of future large
outbreaks of COVID-19 in the community.

>

>4. Work with local or state media to inform the public of the status of basic life necessity (e.g. food, water, tissue
paper) and essential medical supplies (including PPE). If there is a shortage, the estimated back-to-stock timeline
should be provided. For PPEs, if the shortage cannot be solved within a short period of time, they should be saved
for those who truly need them including medical professionals treating patients with COVID-19. All local medical
supply businesses should turn in their inventones since the State Emergency has been declared. These timely
updates will provide assurance to the public to avoid panic and chaos.

NIH-000570
