From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Wed, 5 Feb 2020 00:42:06 +0000
To: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: FW: Interview with Voice of America

Let us discuss.

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone:

FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail: ©
The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive information. It
should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you have received this e-mail in error
please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any other storage devices. The National Institute of
Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own
and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

 

----- Original Message-----
From: Rattaphol Onsanit <ronsanit@voanews.com>
Sent: Tuesday, February 4, 2020 2:42 PM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] (8) >

Subject: Interview with Voice of America
Dear Dr. Fauci,

I’m Chief of Voice of America’s Thai Services. We met at the Thai Embassy on a Mahidol Award ceremony years
ago.

I’m now working on a news story about how developing countries equip themselves with medical readiness and
policy responsiveness in the wake of the coronavirus outbreak. I’m interested in this aspect because when I looked at
Global Health Security Index, Thailand was ranked the highest in its ability to tackle epidemics ahead of Japan,
Korea and Singapore. It’s also by far the highest among developing countries.

I’m curious to find out about contributing factors for developing countries’ readiness to effectively handle an
outbreak like coronavirus. There may be some essential aspects each country can learn from one another during this
outbreak and I hope that this story could shed lights on that.

If you are free in the coming days, I would like to have an interview with you, if possible. on Skype. I would really
appreciate the opportunity to speak with you again.

Thank you,
Rattaphol

Rattaphol “Ahn” Onsanit
Chief of VOA Thai

NIH-002205
