still must prepare against those things as well as new and emerging threats like the toxins we have seen deployed by
Russia and North Korea in more targeted assassinations.

How do you stay ahead of these threats? Do we have the resources and surveillance that we need to stay ahead of the
threat? And ensure the necessary vaccines and therapeutics?

The ebola outbreak may be an instructive example, it seems to be coming under some control despite the precarious
security situation in the Democratic Republic of Congo. But the ongoing 2018 outbreak was the second largest in
history following the 2013-2016 West African outbreak. As a result of these outbreaks, the United States
government has pioneered new FDA-approved diagnostics and vaccines, with promising therapeutics seemingly
around the approval corner too. What lessons can we draw from the ebola outbreaks? How do you work with and
incentivize industry to develop what you need in the event of a catastrophic bio attack? And How do you make the
best possible decisions about the stockpile?

I always worried that because we are global leaders if there was a bio attack or outbreak anywhere in the world,
others would look to us and to our stockpile for the answer. Are our global allies doing enough to prepare against
these threats--whether they be manmade or natural? Are they maintaining adequate stockpiles of medical
countermeasures and research bases--and should they be?

Lastly Gif we have time)....the FB] recently arrested a Harvard scientist for accepting undisclosed grant money from
China for scientific research. It has now been reported that there are similar investigations at a number of US
universities including Yale and MIT to name two and that the grant monies are in the billions. What are foreign
governments locking for? Why in the US? Clearly a national security risk, is it a bio weapons concern?

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

DISCLAIMER: This e-mail message and any attachments are intended solely for the use of the person(s) named in
the message header to whom the email is addressed and may contain information that is confidential or legally
privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution,
copying, or other use of this message or its attachments is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in
error, please notify the sender immediately and permanently delete this e-mail message and any attachments (and
any copies or printouts of the same).

NIH-001816
