From: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E] on behalf of Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Fri, 13 Mar 2020 17:54:56 +0000
To: Alecia Siuta;Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: RE: Thank you and how can | help? From the wife of a hospitalist

Dr. Fauci asked me to thank you for your note.

Best,

Patricia L. Conrad

Public Health Analyst and

Special Assistant to the Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
The National Institutes of Health

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520 - Room 7A03
Bethesda, Maryland 20892

301-496-4409 fax

Disclaimer:

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive information. It
should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you have received this e-mail in error
please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any other storage devices. National Institute of Allergy
and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statement made that are sender’s own and not
expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

woo Original Message-----

From: Alecia Siutaf OS >
Sent: Friday, March 13, 2020 1:53 PM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <6 6} >
Subject: Thank you and how can | help? From the wife of a hospitalist

 

  
 

Dr. Fauci,
Thank you so much for being the honest, clear minded medical leader that our country needs right now. You are
doing a superb job handling this difficult situation. My b) (6) a hospitalist in State College,

PA is on the front lincs of this impending crisis in our community (he is
both internal medicine and pediatrics).

5} and also works clinically for

I appreciate the clear and easy to understand campaign to the general public to “flatten the curve” and slow the
inevitable spread so that we don’t overwhelm the medical community’s capacity to care for the seriously ill. I
suggest that to add to this campaign (especially given the serious lack of testing: currently he is waiting 4-7 days for
test results for hospitalized suspected covid-19 patients) that you make it clear to the American public that they
should NOT go to their doctor/hospital/urgent care and instead stay at home, isolate themselves, and make a phone
call to their doctor’s office or some sort of dept of health hotline.

If everyone with mild/moderate symptoms (and their immediate contacts) are bringing the virus into medical
facilities, it greatly increases exposure and duts healthcare workers (and their families and communities) at
unnecessary risk. We need to convey to the American public the importance of keeping our healthcare workers
from falling ill (and into quarantine) so that they can treat those that absolutely need to be hospitalized. There also
should be a mandated no visitor policy for suspected/confinned patients at every point of care.

NIH-000641
