This ongoing 2019 novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, outbreak has a number of historic firsts. It's the largest
quarantine in world history with China locking down over 60 million people. It's the first mass repatriation of
American citizens into a quarantine, climbing over 1,000.

Let’s start with some quick basics: what is coronavirus? How contagious? What is the morbidity rate?
How does it compare to SARs and MERs? More/less infectious? Lethal?

Just to put this in perspective every year here in the US we deal with the flu. How many Americans on average die
each year from the flu?

But as I mentioned coronavirus has resulted in a number of historic firsts, talk about what you expect could be our
scientific firsts and what roadblocks do those scientific firsts confront?

Over the years, global economic interdependence has grown in nearly every industrial sector, including health care.
But that means our health care is also globally interdependent on other systems less equipped, less transparent and
perhaps less responsible global actors.

China closed the wet market where the coronavirus outbreak began on I/I, gene sequenced the virus on 1/9 so they
could develop a diagnostic test but did not share the gene sequence with the global health community until 1/12.

How transparent and quick was the Chinese response? What should the have done that they failed to do? What were
the consequences?

China now claims more than 70K infected and almost 1800 deaths from the virus. But It has been widely reported
that the Chinese have underreported both numbers. what are Countries international obligations to report accurately?
To whom? How do you know the numbers are accurate?

How does the current outbreak impact the domestic medical supply chain? What steps could or should we consider
to enhance supply chain resilience?

What do the numbers suggest to you about what to expect regionally and worldwide? Have numbers peaked? Will
they continue to rise? With the cruise ship there re now a total of 15 Americans infected. Do you expect additional
cases? What scale? How prepared are we nationally? Locally?

Looking back over the roughly past decade, emerging infectious diseases played a recurring ominous theme. Be it
from HIN1, to ebola, then Zika, and now the 2019 novel coronavirus, the threat is clearly not dissipating. When it
comes to non-disease natural disasters, the Stafford Act provides a Disaster Relief Fund to enable immediate
response. By comparison, there is a small Infectious Diseases Rapid Response Reserve Fund. Do we need a more
Stafford Act-like mechanism to enable quicker response and research to these new threats? What other actions can
we take to better prepare?

While often we see folks painting emerging infectious diseases and biodefense into separate categories, the truth is
that there is significant crossover in terms of preparedness and research. Understanding that this is a sensitive topic,
could you talk about how we should approach these risks in a comprehensive manner that can achieve public health
and national security objectives concurrently?

I'd like to use this to transition to the topic of bio weapons which is what we originally planned to talk about. The

landscape here has also transformed. When BioShield was written and the Strategic National Stockpile established
we worried about State actors deploying banned weapons like small pox; plague and hemorrhagic fever. And you

NIH-001815
