5. Do you believe that the measures taken by China and countries around the
world are adequate to stop SARS-COV2 spread? There is a lot of
discussion about thermal cameras and travel restrictions for example.
China has taken extreme measures to control the outbreak. Restricting the
movement of 50 million people is unprecedented. However, it might ultimately
have an effect on slowing transmission. Precautions implemented in the U.S. are
not intended to detect every person with COVID-19 entering the country.
However, our approach has allowed us time to better plan and prepare our health
system.

6. What is the key to stop the worldwide spread of the virus?
Though we have mobilized a rapid research response to quickly develop
effective countermeasures, right now, the outbreak response remains focused on
the proven public health practices of identifying cases, isolating patients and
tracing contacts.

7. In the northern hemisphere we have a flu outbreak - in Greece as well.
Some experts say that this is the real danger and not the coronavirus. What
is your view?
| am always concerned about influenza. Every flu season, millions of people are
at risk of getting very sick or dying. Currently people in the U.S. and most
countries in the northern hemisphere are at a much higher risk of being exposed
to influenza than SARS-CoV-2. However, the COVID-19 outbreak is an evolving
situation and we are treating it as a very serious public health threat.

8. Many efforts are being in process for the development of a vaccine for the
new coronavirus. Are you coordinating any of them and which ones? Are
there any efforts more promising than others? Which platforms of vaccine
development are more promising? When do you believe that we could have
a vaccine available for clinical trials and then for human use?

NIAID is exploring multiple candidates and is on track to test an experimental
messenger RNA (mRNA) vaccine in a Phase 1 clinical trial this spring. This first
phase of clinical testing will involve giving the vaccine to healthy adults in the
United States to see if it is safe and if it can induce an immune response in
recipients. It is important to realize that the development of investigational
vaccines and the clinical testing to establish their safety and effectiveness takes
time. A vaccine against the novel coronavirus will likely not be widely available
formore than a year.

9, What about therapies? Dozens are being tried - from plasma to herbal
medicines in China. Which are the most promising?
NIAID is pursuing the development of antivirals and monoclonal antibodies for
potential use against COVID-19. NIAID is preparing protocols for in vitro and in
vivo studies of the antiviral remdesivir, which has shown promise against other
coronaviruses in animal models. NIAID also plans to evaluate Kaletra
(lopinavir/ritonavir) and interferon-beta for their activity against SARS-CoV-2. In
addition, NIAID scientists are working to identify monoclonal antibodies with

NIH-001637
