Fauci’s parents were born in New York; one set of grandparents had
emigrated from Naples, the other from Sicily. Anthony first took
Communion at the age of seven and was confirmed at twelve. He went
to elementary school at Our Lady of Guadalupe, in Bensonhurst. “I had
no idea at the time when I was there, being taught by the Dominican
nuns, that I would be interested in science,” he said. “I was interested 1n
a lot of things, mostly sports, but certainly not science.”

In those days, baseball was the social glue of Brooklyn. The borough
was Dodger territory and Ebbets Field was consecrated ground—but
Fauci was devoted to the Yankees, who played in the faraway Bronx. In
the midst of the coronavirus crisis, I e-mailed to ask about this anomaly,
not necessarily expecting an answer. He replied almost instantly. “You
probably are unaware, but half the kids in Brooklyn were Yankee fans,”
he wrote. “We spent our days arguing who was better: Duke Snider
versus Mickey Mantle; Roy Campanella versus Yogi Berra; Pee Wee
Reese versus Phil Rizzuto and on and on. Those were the days, my
friend.”

Fauci has often referred to his father as “laid-back,” which, if true, must
be a characteristic that skips a generation. “Tony has always been
driven,” Michael Osterholm, the director of the University of
Minnesota’s Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy, and a
longtime friend of Fauci’s, told me. ““Whatever he was doing, he had to
do it better than anybody else. I don’t know if it was certainty or
something else. But he was meant to lead. Always. Everyone who knew
him knew that. And Tony knew it, too.”

In 1954, he began attending Regis, a private Jesuit high school on the
Upper East Side. Rigorous, small, competitive, and tuition-free, Regis is
considered one of the finest all-male schools in the country. Fauci
thrived there, though the commute between Dyker Heights and Eighty-
fourth and Madison was long. He once estimated that he had spent the
equivalent of seventy days of his teen-age life on the various subways
and buses he took to get to and from school.

Fauci revelled in the demanding coursework. “We took four years of
Greek, four years of Latin, three years of French, ancient history,
theology,” he recalled. He developed an ability to set out an argument
