Is there any evidence this works? Absolutely, especially when coupled with
the time-proven technique of aggressive testing to find and isolate infected
people as early as possible. In China, where there has been strict quarantine
and social distancing in the epicenter of the outbreak, new infections have
dramatically slowed. In South Korea, where health officials cleverly used
drive-through testing, we're also seeing the number of new cases slow
down. And there’s a history lesson from the 1918 flu pandemic. Back then,
Philadelphia held a parade attended by several hundred thousand people.
Soon, every hospital bed in the city reportedly was filled with sick patients.
Saint Louis, on the other hand, practiced social isolation and saw fewer
cases.

So we have work to do, and it won't be easy, because it means changing the
way we live our daily lives and how we interact with our neighbors. And we
have to start now -- when we can make the most difference.

And here's something we need to keep in mind. We are all in this together.
So even as we keep a distance from each other physically, we need to stay
close emotionally. Social isolation is bad for your health! If ever there was a
time to call or video chat with friends and loved ones. And don't forget to
reach out to the elderly --who may be alone and afraid.

Demonstrating grace under pressure is easier said than done. But that is this
doctor's prescription for getting through this. And, if we treat each other with
kindness and empathy, we will.

Jonathan LaPook, M.D.

Chief Medical Correspondent, CBS News
Professor of Medicine

NYU Langone Health

PLEASE NOTE: IF YOU LEAVE ME A MEDICAL MESSAGE AND DO NOT
HEAR BACK WITHIN 24 HOURS, PLEASE CALL MY OFFICE AT 646-754-
2000. PLEASE NEVER LEAVE AN EMAIL ABOUT AN URGENT MEDICAL
ISSUE.

This message is confidential.

WARNING: THIS EMAIL MAY CONTAIN CONFIDENTIAL MEDICAL INFORMATION

The medical information in this message is confidential and privileged. It is unlawful
for unauthorized persons to review, copy, disclose or disseminate confidential
information. If the reader of this warning is not the intended email recipient, or the
intended recipient's agent, you are hereby notified that you have received this
email in error and that review or further disclosure of the information contained

NIH-000575
