From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Wed, 29 Apr 2020 00:56:02 +0000

To: Lerner, Andrea (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Subject: FW: Coronavirus info about a program that can help.
Attachments: BCA_id_V1 (wecompress.com).pdf

Please take a look and respond if appropria‘e

-----Original Message-----

From: Alex Holbus FY) 6}
Sent: Tuesday, April 28, 2020 6:59 PM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] LOY GF >

Subject: Coronavirus info about a program that can help.
Dear Dr Fauci

It’s a pleasure to send you this email my name is Alex Holbus I am from the UK I currently live in Serbia or ex
Yugoslavia.

] am a Economist and Humanitarian. I can talk about my Biography but at this time the subject I want to share with
you I much more important.

 

In January 2016 I sent a letter to Mr Trump ee : (by (6) telling him that I was happy that he
will bring change to America and the worlc and that if he needed my expertise that I would help your country and
the world. As I have not got any responses from him nor his people I can see that he might not be interested. But as I
have been following you over the media and be reading about your carrier as a Doctor I believe you know what your
doing and would like to take this opportunity to help you and your country at this time when it’s the worst then ever
before in the modern world. I have a program that can help with the coronavirus in the way of identifying people
and following there movement that can help you collect data faster and more sufficient. The program is based on an
app So every one can use it. Countries in Europe are starting to use it by the end of May the Europe Union has made
it mandatory that all member states need to use it and the future members like Serbia. So you will see attached a
presentation about the program and if you or your country ts interested please let me know and | will put you in
contact with the company making this program. I did not send this email to you so we make money on people it’s to
help I just wanted to help. I will be contactng my contacts in the USA from Thursday morning but first I wanted to
talk with you and give you the opportunity to see if Mr Trump would interested in this program for your country. If
nothing comes back from you anyway my friend and contact in the USA will talk with the white house but I wanted
to do it the proper way by talking to you as you are the main medical person in the USA for the coronavirus.

Anyway wish you and your country all the best and that the world will become a better place after this epidemic is
over.

It’s onc life onc world onc human we arc all onc on this planct no onc is bigger or bettcr the all of us as humanity as
one.

Kind regards
Alex Holbus

Director at Real Five Company.
