Coronavirus hero: Anthony Fauci is a great

public servant in a time of great public need
Fauci is the world's leading authority on infectious diseases

and the best person in the country to help us deal with the
COVID-19 crisis.

David M. Rubenstein

Opinion contributor

Some viewers of the daily White House coronavirus briefings may wonder why everyone increasingly
defers to a diminutive, Brooklyn-accented 79-year-old doctor, Tony Fauci.

They do because, as | have learned over many years of talking with and more recently interviewing
this man, he is without doubt the world’s leading authority on infectious diseases. In any area of
human activity or knowledge, there always seems to be one person who is the global gold

standard. In the world of infectious diseases that person is Tony Fauci.

So the American people — indeed, people around the globe — should be grateful that Tony has dug
into this crisis with the same work-around-the-clock, just-the-facts ma’am style that he has used
while serving under and working with six U.S. presidents. He is as apolitical as anyone can be. | have
no idea if he is registered with any political party; | suspect though that he is rabidly Independent. His
only focus is getting the facts out, providing the best health care treatment and information possible,
and saving lives.

A top expert from AIDS to Ebola

Tony Fauci joined the National Institutes of Health in 1968, after completing his medical training at
Weill Cornell Medical Center, and he has led the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease
since 1984 — 36 years. Hard to believe anyone can run anything that long and still be at the top of his
game. But Tony is. During this period, he has dealt with every serious infectious disease challenge —
malaria,

Among Tony’s best known accomplishments, beyond simply running the institute and training dozens
of the world’s top infectious disease professionals, has been helping to discover how HIV leads to
AIDS and, later, leading the effort to create (at President George W. Bush’s direction) the President’s
Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR), which has transformed the treatment of HIV/AIDS in Africa,
and other parts of the developing world. Millions of lives have been saved by this program

alone. More recently, he has been an architect and powerful advocate of President Donald Trump’s
plan for ending the AIDS epidemic in the U.S. through HIV antiretroviral therapy targeted to disease
hotspots.

In his spare time, Tony has been involved with writing or editing more than 1,100 scholarly articles
and several textbooks, and, in the process, has become one of the most cited authorities of the entire
medical profession.

For these breakthrough activities and his dedicated service (at a government salary) for more than a
half century (he worked at NIH for 16 years before assuming his current role), Tony has received, and
earned, the Presidential Medal of Freedom and a Lasker Award (called the American Nobel by many).
With this long service and universal acclaim, one might think Tony would let it get to his head, at least
a little bit. Not the case, though.

Selfless commitment to public service

NIH-000282
