straightforward demeanor and willingness to contradict President Trump, he’s begun to develop the
same kind of cult following as Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and former special counsel
Robert S. Mueller Ili, who inspired countless “Plank like RBG” tank tops and a bizarre illustrated
children’s book, respectively.

Even as whole swaths of the global economy collapse, the pandemic has created a robust cottage
industry of Fauci-themed merchandise, including bottle openers, magnets and mugs. On Etsy, you can
buy “Honk for Dr. Fauci” bumper stickers, prayer candles depicting “St. Fauci” and socks printed with
Fauci’s face. Graphic T-shirts bear slogans such as “I Need a Hero” and “In Dr. Fauci We Trust.”

If so inclined, you can even decorate your home with an “| Heart Dr. Fauci” throw pillow, or purchase
a replica of Fauci’s jersey from the time he captained the basketball team at Manhattan’s Regis High
School. Lingua Franca, which sells cashmere sweaters embroidered with resistance-friendly slogans
for $380 and up, recently began taking orders for an army-green “Dr. Fauci Fan Club” knit.

In honor of Fauci’s Italian heritage, a clam bar in Long Island named a linguine dish after him this
week. (Available for pickup only, “the linguine with white clam sauce shares origins with Fauci, as the
sauce itself was invented in the Fauci Family’s native Sciacca, Italy,” the restaurant claimed ina
statement.)

As countless Americans remain glued to the news while trying to stay indoors, a robust Fauci fandom
has flourished online. On Facebook, the “Dr. Anthony S. Fauci Fan Club” has over 32,000 members.
Thousands more congregate in groups with names such as “Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, the Man, the Myth,
the Legend,” “Dr. Fauci Speaks, We Listen” and “Dr. Fauci Memes for Social Distance Teens.”

An unassuming 79-year-old public servant who has advised six presidents, Fauci has become a
“reliable constant in a time of uncertainty,” The Washington Post’s Ellen McCarthy and Ben Terris
reported. But his admirers — and there are a lot of them — worry that it’s only a matter of time
before he’s sidelined by Trump.

When Fauci missed a White House news conference earlier this month, panic erupted on Twitter,
along with speculation that he could be sick. There was palpable relief when he resumed his regular
position at the podium the following day and appeared to hide some exasperation as Trump
referenced “the deep state.”

Fauci later explained that he had simply been trying to dislodge a lozenge from his throat. But the
much-analyzed “Fauci facepalm” had already become a meme, deployed by liberal members of
what’s known as the resistance.

Fauci’s newfound fame can be partially attributed to his willingness to engage with all forms of media
— in recent weeks, he’s gone on a Barstool Sports podcast, chatted with basketball star Steph Curry
on Instagram Live as Barack Obama listened in, and appeared on “The Daily Show With Trevor Noah.”
But it also undoubtedly helps that his fans tend to take social distancing seriously and consequently
have ample spare time to produce fan art or perform songs written (or modified) in his honor.

On social media, Fauci’s virtual fan clubs peruse old photos of the infectious disease expert in search
of “comfy turtleneck vibes,” stitch his face on embroidery hoops and discuss erecting statues as
tribute. They frost his name on cookies and joke about constructing shrines in his honor. Prominent
activists and entertainers confess to wanting to marry him, or have him tuck them into bed.

Fauci has remained characteristically modest about his new status as a cult figure. “Well, that’s very
nice,” he responded when McCarthy and Terris mentioned that people all over the country were
praying for him. Of course, that means that his fan base has only continued to grow.

“| never met a guy that, worldwide, he is so loved,” Semeraro, the Rochester doughnut shop
owner,told CNN. “And a month ago, we never knew his first and last name.”

 

 

 

 

 

 

NIH-000097
