days, I saved no one. It was the darkest time of my life.” Faced with
mounting evidence that his cautious approach made no sense, he did
something that few public officials do: he reversed himself. Fauci
transformed from a conventional bench scientist into a public-health
activist who happened to work for the federal government. “I had to
change,” he told me.

When the demonstrators marched on the N.I.H. campus in 1988, Fauci
no longer saw a threat. “I looked at them, and I saw people who were in
pain,” he recalled in an article in Holy Cross Magazine. He asked the
police and the F.B.I. not to arrest any of them. Then he invited a handful
of protest leaders to his office. “That began a relationship over many
years,” Fauci said. “They let me into their camp. I went to the gay
bathhouses and spoke to them. I went to San Francisco, to the Castro
District, and I discussed the problems they were having, the degree of
suffering that was going on in the community, the need for them to get
involved in clinical trials, since there were no other possibilities for them
to get access to drugs. And I earned their confidence.”

Fauci, in his mid-forties, was the youngest director of an N.I.H. institute
in a century, and he lacked the political influence to act independently.
Even in his own field, he struggled to recruit allies. “I couldn’t convince
my own people in infectious-disease leadership to take on H.I.V./AIDS,”
he told me. So he created a division within his institute devoted to the
disease.

One day, in the late eighties, Fauci asked me to stop by his office in
Building 31 on the N.I.H. campus. He told me that he had a wild idea: he
wanted to hire Mark Harrington, ACT UP’s point man on drug-treatment
trials. Harrington, a prominent AIDS researcher and activist, had no
formal scientific training. But Fauci, like most of those who had seen
him testify before Congress or speak to a crowd, was dazzled by his
brilliance.

Harrington discussed the idea with Fauci, but decided that the job would
be a disaster for him. ““There’s no way I could have functioned within
that bureaucracy,” he told me recently. ““The people I respect would have
