| would like to take a small diversion, but | suspect you are aware of these things.
My colleagues and | respect the WHO because of its representation and because
we have colleagues/friends there as well. However, sometimes bureaucracy of a
massive degree leads to inaction or even much worse-- political expediency. | won’t
bother you with details of these unless you ask, but | had such experiences with

HTLV-1 which we discovered in 1980 as the 15' human retrovirus and which cause
not only the highest incidence of cancer (% of infections) of any virus and other
fatal diseases as well but mainly in less developed countries (plus Japan) and again
with HIV in 1984. Behavior was not beneficial. Perhaps it will be of relevance in the
future because a few at WHO took a position to remove OPV (Sabin) in favor of IPV
(Salk) in their polio eradication scheme. It was a huge failure. As my FDA
collaborator, Konstantin Chumakov, says “Blessed be Bill Gates” because he saved
OPV and saved the day and in so doing has produced a still better OPV.

There is indeed data also for BCG as well as live Measles though | know less of the
latter. BCG is less available, requires injection, harder to make, not as safe, and we
think unlikely to be as effective as OPV. Nonetheless, we favor its use too. The
mechanisms will be similar.

You asked whether monkey trials are planned. For several reasons definitely not --
though we are planning some monkey experiments, but not large enough for
“clinical” conclusions. The main reasons are: 1) cost; 2) that billions not thousands
or millions have received OPV safely and in our collective view (and we know the
studies pretty well) protection has been clinically shown; 3) In a pandemic we
wished to move quickly (so far we must say that has not been achieved). A typical
monkey vaccine study will take time, but 4) in this case it would be a huge amount
of lost time as monkeys require great doses of polio for infection and monkeys
have to be trained to drink their orange juice. It would be hard to imagine that such
studies would even give us useful information.

On a final digression Francis | have had 36 years of on/off experiences with
glycosylated spike proteins—their analyses immunologically and especially
regarding use in vaccines and developing neutralizing Abs. | believe it will be a
mistake to put most eggs in that basket. The risks: shortened antibody half life; 2)
protection NOT correlating with neutralizing Abs; 3) sometimes hazards from them.
Admittedly, they might work, but | trust and hope that not everything is going in
this bag. If you wish to discuss this again | will be available.

Finally, | hd no idea you were into vaccines or SARS-2 nor any part of CoVID-19
disease, but | am very happy to learn this.

Thanks.
