Number 4: His medical training has given him that special skill that all physicians must have to
succeed — “Always sound right, and if you don’t know an answer, make one up.” But he is like one

of my famous namesakes on Dragnet... Sergeant Joe Friday .. .”Just the facts, Ma’am.”

Now I'll take your questions.

[Sounds of shouting, general loud babbling, a baby crying, a chair falls over]

REPORTER: “ Mr. Biden have you moved away from your promise to pick a female running mate?”

BIDEN: Did I say that? When was that? . . . Oh, it was during one of those debates? . . . I wouldn't
call it a promise. It was a statement from which I am now socially distancing myself, and that makes
it a very timely question. . . .This social distancing is for the pits. I haven’t smelled a good head of
hair in weeks. . . for the record, my test was negative .. . and I will ensure that women’s voices will
be heard in my administration by appointing several to my cabinet. Elizabeth Warren naturally will be

Secretary of the Treasury. Kamala Harris as an experienced prosecutor would be an excellent head of

the Department of Justice . . . I think she is Latino too, isn’t she?. . . I am not sure about Senator
Amy Kolbuchuck from Minnesota and she has great hair, but Marianne Williamson, ... remember,
the physic healer. . . could serve as Chief of the Alternate Universe ...excuse me, Alternate

Therapies within HHS. Adding Senator Gillibrand to the cabinet would weigh the group too heavily
towards New York, since Dr. Fauci is from Brooklyn. I will, of course, appoint Tulsi Gabbard as

Ambassador to America Samoa.

REPORTER: “Do you have any concerns about any regrettable incidents in Dr. Fauci’s past?”

BIDEN: Not really. My staff has vetted him very thoroughly. The only whiff of scandal we found was
his medical school yearbook picture where he was being lifted by two of his taller classmates so as to

appear as even taller than they. None of them were in black face.

 

zal Also some people may have difficulty knowing how

to pronounce his name correctly. It is pronounced as “Fow-chi” with the soft “c” sound common to
