From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Tue, 18 Feb 2020 11:15:14 +0000
To: Bernice Mika Huang

Subject: RE: Singapore Coronavirus Updates
Bernice:

Thank you for this important update of information.
Best regards,
Tony

From: Bernice Mika Huangf_ OF
Sent: Tuesday, February 18, 2020 4:40 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [EJE_CO J>

Subject: Singapore Coronavirus Updates
Dear Dr. Anthony Fauci,
I'm Bernice LO).

| had read your online discussion details on USA Today which says:

“ Another thing that we don't know is why, with a respiratory-borne illness, are there virtually no
children getting infected. | mean, there are no cases of kids less than 15 years old. Does that mean for
some strange reason they're not getting infected, or the illness is so mild in children that we're not
noticing it? It's very clear the median age is 56 or 59.”

| thought it would be crucial to share updates on Singapore’s coronavirus situation for your reference,
because you are the expert who could help analyze the current situation. Till date, in Singapore "@have
two young children who are infected:

ONE YEAR OLD

“Case 76 is a one-year-old Singaporean who was among the group evacuated from Wuhan on Feb 9.
The toddler was without symptoms when he boarded the flight back to Singapore. He was put under
quarantine upon landing in Singapore, and was confirmed to be infected with COVID-19 on Sunday
afternoon. Advertisement He is currently warded in an isolation room at KK Women's and Children’s
Hospital, said MOH.” Quoted from https://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/singapore/covid19-
coronavirus-singapore-update-feb-17-12441176

SIX-MONTH OLD

“ COUPLE, BABY AND MAID INFECTED The 28-year-old mother - whose infection was announced on
Tuesday - works at Yong Thai Hang, a health product shop that primarily serves Chinese tourists. Her
husband, a 45-year-old Singaporean tested positive on Wednesday at about 2pm, and is currently
warded in an isolation room at the National Centre for Infectious Diseases (NCID). Both have no recent
travel history to China. The couple's child, a six-month-old boy, tested positive at the same time and is
currently warded in an isolation room at KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital. The family's domestic
helper was one of the confirmed cases on Tuesday. MOH said in an update on Thursday that the child

NIH-001793
