testing capacity, it was clear that the virus had reached every corner of
the nation. With the Easter holiday just a few weeks away, there was not
a single public-health official in the United States who appeared to share
the President’s rosy surmises.

Anthony Fauci certainly did not. At seventy-nine, Fauci has run the
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases for thirty-six years,
through six Administrations and a long procession of viral epidemics:
H.I.V., SARS, avian influenza, swine flu, Zika, and Ebola among them.
As a member of the Administration’s coronavirus task force, Fauci
seemed to believe that the government’s actions could be directed, even
if the President’s pronouncements could not. At White House briefings,
it has regularly fallen to Fauci to gently amend Trump’s absurdities,
half-truths, and outright lies. No, there is no evidence that the malaria
drug hydroxychloroquine will provide a “miracle” treatment to stave off
the infection. No, there won’t be a vaccine for at least a year. When the
President insisted for many weeks on denying the government’s inability
to deliver test kits for the virus, Fauci, testifying before Congress, put
the matter bluntly. “That’s a failing,” he said. “Let’s admit it.”

When Trump was not dismissing the severity of the crisis, he was
blaming others for it: the Chinese, the Europeans, and, as always, Barack
Obama. He blamed governors who were desperate for federal help and
had been reduced to fighting one another for lifesaving ventilators. In
one briefing, Governor Andrew Cuomo, of New York, said, “It’s like
being on eBay with fifty other states, bidding on a ventilator.” Trump
even accused hospital workers in New York City of pilfering surgical
masks and other vital protective equipment that they needed to stay
alive. “Are they going out the back door?” Trump wondered aloud.

As a reporter who writes mainly on science and public-health issues,
I’ve known Fauci since the H.I.V./AIDS epidemic exploded, in the mid-
eighties. He once explained to me that he has developed a method for
dealing with political leaders in times of crisis: “I go to my favorite book
of philosophy, ‘The Godfather,’ and say, ‘It’s nothing personal, it’s
strictly business.’ ” He continued, “You just have a job to do. Even
when somebody’s acting ridiculous, you can’t chide them for it. You’ve
