From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Fri, 6 Mar 2020 11:02:56 +0000

To: Cassetti, Cristina (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Subject: FW: Emergency Preparedness, Coronavirus, and Products from MPI
Attachments: MPI - CloroxPro_Scrubs_2019 (1).pdf, MPI - CloroxPro_LabCoats_2019.pdf, MPI

- PrimeMedical_Curtains_Flyer.pdf, MPI - POW_HOSP_Barrier_Protection_28update29.pdf, MPI -
EvaClean Tri Fold 2019.pdf

Please take a look and handle if necessary

From: Brad Wicklas[ (6) (6) >

Sent: Friday, March 6, 2020 3:46 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [EJE

Subject: Emergency Preparedness, Coronavirus, and Products from MPI

Hi Anthony Fauci,

I know you're busy, but I wanted to introduce our Company, Medical Partners
International, and talk for a quick minute about what we do and how it can help you.
As you know, the CDC has asked all healthcare facilities to prepare for the "worst
case scenario” around the Novel Coronavirus. As much of our medical supply
manufacturing in the US comes from overseas, it is of critical import to look at
potential shortages of key products that will be needed to perform basic IP functions
in your facility. We have already seen challenges with N95 masks, and I have heard
about potential shortages of items like disinfection wipes. We at MPI have a couple
of unique solutions you need to consider:

PureTabs and PureOne NaDCC tablets that are diluted in tap water to create HOC! for
surface disinfection. They are currently used in electrostatic sprayers to offer greater
coverage around your equipment. If, for some reason, there's a challenge getting the
electrostatic sprayers in the future (and we've already seen shortages and delays in
getting new units), simply use our NaDCC tablets with spray bottles from your local
store to apply the HOCI for disinfection. Our tablets have kill claims for C. diff in
four minutes, and like a number of other cleaning agents, we believe we can be
effective against the Novel Coronavirus. The problem with the other products out
there comes down to availability, particularly of the N95 masks that are required on
their IFU's. With our product, an N95 mask is recommended, but not required, which
is a huge distinction if you have run out of N95 masks.

Secondly, we have our protective scrubs, lab coats and privacy curtains from Prime

Medical. Co-branded with Clorox, these products create a 3 log (99.9%) barrier
against bacteria and viruses when washed with bleach. The barrier lasts for 12 weeks,

NIH-000926
