then hurriedly put in place will be any better than what they did on that
cruise ship. As a consequence, would expect much the same results.

I listened to the discussion yesterday. After listening to James and
Michael describe the conditions on and around the cruise ship, I
wondered whether anyone in healthcare leadership (outside the
expertise at our biocontainment facilities) is thinking about infection
control practices for any staff entering areas of a hospital caring for
COVID patients (like changing clothes before entering and perhaps
wearing scrubs, not bringing personal items into the area like iphones,
ipads, stethoscopes, white coats, purses, briefcases, etc.)? And
instituting policies that require all patients to phone for clearance to
enter prior to presenting at safe acute and non-acute areas including
community based clinics? Are we confident of the infection control
practices of acute care staff (that they know the basics of how to don
and doff PPE and behavior while in PPE?) Would HCWs in outpatient
clinics or long term care facilities be any better prepared than the crew
on board the cruise ship or the responders in Japan? I’m no expert in
infection control and would defer to the expertise in this group. I was
just a little surprised how little this seemed to be a concern for the
healthcare leaders gathered yesterday.

I think we are getting close to the point where we need to drop those
things that are not critical and focus on the most important things.

We are going to have a devil of time with lab confirmation—it Is just
too slow (they had a 2 day turnaround on the cruise ship) and we just
don’t have the capacity for the volume of tests we would anticipate.
Charity has stressed this point again and again. That means we are
going to have to fly blind early on. Perhaps the best we are going to be
able to do in the near term if things begin to accelerate is screen all
suspect cases (pretty much anyone with ILI symptoms) with a quick flu
test and assume anyone who tests negative is suspected COVID until
proven otherwise; and treat everyone who tests positive with Tamiflu.
It will prove problematic early on, but as the epidemic barrels along,
COVID will displace everything (at that point we will just assume that
anyone with a fever or ILI has COVID). The problem is in the
beginning. It is going to be so hard to sort things out. Matt, James and
others are pushing for more rapid screening—but we just aren’t there
yet. The consequence is that we will be placing patients with resp
illness (that is not flu and presumed to be COVID) tn areas with actual

NIH-001493
