From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Mion, 24 Feb 2020 15:14:10 +0000

To: Billet, Courtney (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Ce: Eisinger, Robert (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Subject: FW: New England Journal of Medicine 20-02387

Attachments: Fauci-20-02387-Text.docx, Embargo-Guidelines-5.13.pdf, Production-and-
proof.pdf

fyi

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone: (b)
FAX: (301) 496-4409
E-mail: Gb) (6)

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive information. It
should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you have received this e-mail in error
please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any other storage devices. The National Institute of
Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements made that are the sender’s own
and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

 

 

From: New England Journal of Medicine <onbchalfof@manuscriptcentral.com>

Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 10:00 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] (b)
“(b) (}>; Redfield, Robert R. (CDC/OD)

Subject: New England Journal of Medicine 20-02387

  

Cl>; Lane, Cliff (NIH/NIAID) [E]
“(oy (

Dear Dr. Fauci,

Thank you for the article, "COVID-19 : Navigating the Unchartered." which the Journal is pleased to accept for
publication.

This acceptance is made with the understanding that neither the article itself nor any part of its essential substance,
tables or figures has been published or will be submitted for publication elsewhere before it appears in the Journal.
The acceptance is also made with the understanding that all the authors, the data, and its presentation meet the
requirements as described in the Recommendations for the Conduct, Reporting, Editing and Publication of Scholarly
Work in Medical Journals (www.icmje.org).

Please note that the acceptance of your commentary should be considered confidential information to be shared only
with your coauthors until its final publication. To ensure that no news reports about the article appear prematurely in
any form, do not speak to the media, hold press conferences, or issue news releases about your paper before the
week of publication. You must receive an explicit commitment to withhold release of the information until the
embargo Is lifted at 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time in the United States) on the day before the date of publication. If there
are any questions about this policy, you should discuss them with the Editor.

We assume that financial relationships creating possible conflicts of interest for all authors have becn fully disclosed
to the Editor, including (but not limited to) any relevant relationships listed in the Open Payments database at

NIH-001452
