 

From: es (XC)

Sent: Tue, 25 Feb 2020 18:33:00 -0500

To: David - Gmail

Subject: Re: David Pyrce Reconnecting - Coronavirus Task Force
David:

Thanks for your note and your keen interest in this important challenge of coronavirus. The
White House Task Force is chosen by the President upon the advice of his senior staff. I am
afraid that there will not be any additional members for now. Again, thank you for your interest.
Best regards,

Tony

On Feb 25, 2020, at 5:29 PM, David - [7 ® G wrote:

Hello Dr. Fauci,

I know you are extremely busy and will get right to the point. | would like to join the
coronavirus taskforce.

| worked on the Ebola task force about six years ago, which had a similar sense of urgency,
and recognize that assembling a SWAT team overnight is critically important in order to
monitor, contain and mitigate the spread of the coronavirus, not just for the United States,
but on a worldwide basis.

I've done a significant amount of work in infectious disease vaccine development at a
number of biotech firms (Vical, Inovio and Intrexon) in partnership with the NIH, Vaccine
Research Center, DOD and the CDC.

 

; ee __() (6] we discuss preparedness on a daily basis. Those
conversations clearly indicate that the knowledge and expertise is severely lacking at both
the academic medical center level, as well as the community health level.

| believe my assistance can be deployed in several areas where my experience in virology,
immunology, antivirals, Ebola, product development and strategic partnering could be of
immediate value to research scientists, medical professionals and healthcare systems.

1. Identification of emerging therapeutics.

2. Fast track emerging therapeutics from pre-clinical to IND and fast-track clinical trials.

3. Identify opportunities to accelerate the production of commercial quantities of therapeutic
material.

4. Identify unique genomic fingerprints of responders and patients undergoing treatment to
guide therapeutic selection and optimize interventions.

5. Interface with public and/or institutional stakeholders on a worldwide basis (24/7)
regarding safety procedures, diagnostics, therapeutic interventions, etc.

6. Other initiatives, representing areas where there is an immediate need to bring on board
and deploy an individual with deep expertise, who can provide leadership, drop in and
rapidly advance those initiatives.

NIH-001349
