Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone: _&) (

FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail:

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

From: On Behalf Of Gold, Jeffrey P
Sent: Friday, April 10, 2020 12:57 PM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) (EJ

Ce: Gold, Jeffrey P(_ ©

Subject: Letter sent on behalf of Chancellor Jeffrey P. Gold, M.D.

Importance: High

April 10, 2020

Anthony S. Fauci, M.D.

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
5601 Fishers Lane, MSC 9806

Bethesda, MD 20892-9806

 

Dear Dr. Fauci:

| write simply to thank you and congratulate you for your incredible efforts during the management of
this pandemic as it reaches across our nation. The unique challenges that this pandemic has
created have also created opportunities, and we here at the University of Nebraska Medical Center
have proudly participated with our federal, state and local partners during this COVID-19 pandemic
as well as over the last 16 years, having matured an extensive program in the research, education,
and clinical components of highly infectious diseases and biocontainment.

The UNMC Center for Global Health Security has been the umbrella organization that has organized
all of these components and continues to have strong leadership from retired military public health
as well as gifted research scientists from across the nation. As a co-founding partner of NETEC, as
a recipient of the Regional Disaster Health Service Awards, and as a close collaborator with the
Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Defense, the Department of
Homeland Security and the Department of State, we have enjoyed the opportunity to always "lean
in" as the need arises.
