From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Mion, 10 Feb 2020 20:18:24 +0000

To: Billet, Courtney (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Subject: FW: Potential Treament Strategy to Reduce Motality Caused by Coronavirus
Infection

NIAID inquiries, Please

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

 

Phone: |
FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail:[

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

From: NO}
Sent: Monday, February 10, 2020 3:02 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <8) 66)

Subject: Potential Treament Strategy to Reduce Motality Caused by Coronavirus Infection

 

Dear Dr. Fauci:

One effective way to get things done is through the individuals like you at the frontline with authorities.
| know that you are very busy, and! am sorry to bother you. You probably already knew what I’m going
to say and appear to be so relaxed.

With the significant concern for the quick spread of coronavirus infection, | would like to propose a cell-
based immunomodulation strategy to reduce the “cytokine storm”, the main pathophysiologcal cause
for the mortality. The scientific rationale regarding this strategy has been partially discussed in an article
entitled “ Extending the Horizon of Cell Based Immunotherapy by Understanding the Mechanisms of
Action of Photopheresis” and other related articles on this topic.

Several potential treatment modality could be derived from this concept if more laboratory and clinical
data support this motion, which include : (1) ozone therapy ( withdraw about SO ml — 100 mi blood
from patient in transfusion bag, mixing with small amount of ozone ex vivo and re-infuse back to patient
in 30 minutes); (2) Cupping therapy (medically induced subcutaneous hemorrhage by heat and vacuums
effects) to expose self antigens to the abundant dendritic cells in the subcutaneous tissue in order to
reinforce the self antigen tolerance. The best timing for these interventions in theory would be at the

NIH-001986
