From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Moon, 23 Mar 2020 12:58:16 +0000

To: Karen Backman

Subject: RE: Your Unprecedented Leadership and Professionalism
Karen:

Many thanks for your kind note.
Best regards,
Tony

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases

Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone: [_— (b) (6

FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail:

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

—

From: Karen Backman
Sent: Monday, March 23, 2020 8:53 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [EJ >

Subject: Your Unprecedented Leadership and Professionalism
Good morning Dr. Fausi,

| am not one to write emails to our leaders in government as | am sure that the message doesn't get to
where it always needs to go. At the risk of you possibly seeing this email, you need to know that you are
doing an incredible job.

| doubt you will be broadcasting this note but you should know that my husband and | take great
comfort in seeing you up on the podium next to our country's leadership on the COVID-19 pandemic.
You are a steady voice of reason and the right person for the job. Even when the President doesn't get it
quite right, you manage to be professional in your delivery, information and steadfast manner. We can
easily look past the President but we listen when you speak.

From the first time | heard you say on a Sunday morning talk show, "If you think we are overacting then

we are probably doing the right things." | live in Maine and we are a rural state so we probably won't
see the numbers that are elsewhere but we are listening and acting on your words of caution.

NIH-000319
