Cornell Medical College, on the Upper East Side. “On lunch break,
when the crew were eating their hero sandwiches and making catcalls to
nurses, I snuck into the auditorium to take a peek,” Fauci recalled in
1998, at the medical school’s centennial celebration. “I got goosebumps
as I entered, looked around the empty room, and imagined what it would
be like to attend this extraordinary institution. After a few minutes at the
doorway, a guard came and politely told me to leave, since my dirty
boots were soiling the floor. I looked at him and said proudly that I
would be attending this institution a year from now. He laughed and
said, ‘Right, kid, and next year I am going to be Police

Commissioner.’ ”

Fauci graduated first in his class from Cornell in 1966, just as America’s
involvement in Vietnam was accelerating. Every new physician was
required to perform some kind of military service. ““We were gathered in
the auditorium at Cornell, early in our fourth year of medical school,”
Fauci recalled. “Unlike today, we had only two women in the class and
seventy-nine men. The recruiter from the armed forces came there and
said, ‘Believe it or not, when you graduate from medical school at the
end of the year, except for the two women, everyone in this room 1s
going to be either in the Army, the Air Force, the Navy, or the Public
Health Service. So you’re going to have to make your choice. Sign up
and give your preferences.’ ”

Fauci wanted to work in the U.S. Public Health Service; his fallback was
the Navy. He got his first choice, and ended up at the National Institutes
of Health, which was then establishing itself as the country’s primary
center for biomedical research. Nearly everyone in academic medicine
spent some time at one of its branches; except for three years back at
Cornell to complete his internship and residency, Fauci has spent five
decades there.

In 1972, Fauci started as a senior researcher at the National Institute of
Allergy and Infectious Diseases. He was drawn to investigating ailments
that were difficult but not impossible to treat. “I wanted something that
could make you very sick and kill you unless I intervened. And if I
