 

yacinth Empinado/STAT

As fears of the novel coronavirus 2019-nCoV continued to spread last Friday, an inflammatory new
paper appeared on bioRxiv, a preprint server, where scientists post work that hasn’t been vetted.

Titled “Uncanny similarity of unique inserts in the 2019-nCoV spike protein to HIV-1 gp120 and Gag,” the
paper claimed to find similarities between the new coronavirus and HIV, the virus that causes AIDS. The
use of the word “uncanny” in the title, together with “unlikely to be fortuitous” in the abstract, led some
to think that the authors were suggesting the virus had somehow been engineered by humans.

The paper, from academic institutions in New Delhi, India, was critical and alarming, if true. Except that
it wasn’t.

The paper was almost immediately withdrawn, but not before plenty of handwringing from researchers
who complained that the appearance of such shoddy work on a preprint server without vetting by peer
reviewers is precisely why the hoary old model of science publishing is better at keeping junk science
out of the literature.

 

Except that’s not true, either. The old model has its advantages, to be sure, but it, too, is prone to the
menace of pseudoscience, bad data, and other flaws — despite traditional academic journals’ army of
peer reviewers. And when these publications publish bad or erroneous research, it can take months or
years for the papers to be corrected or retracted — if they ever are.

In contrast, the reaction from the scientific community to the bioRxiv paper was swift. In a nutshell,
commenters on bioRxiv and Twitter said, the author’s methods seemed rushed, and the findings were at
most a coincidence. By Saturday morning, bioRxiv had placed a special warning on all papers about
coronavirus. Later Saturday, the authors commented on their paper, saying they were withdrawing it.
And on Sunday, a more formal retraction appeared: “This paper has been withdrawn by its authors.
They intend to revise it in response to comments received from the research community on their
technical approach and their interpretation of the results.”

All of that happened before a single news outlet with any reach covered the paper, as best we can tell.
But none of it was quite fast enough for some critics. “This is why preprints can be bad,” said one
scientist on Twitter. That scientist, Michael Shiloh, said he had even used bioRxiv to post preprints.
“What bugs me about this preprint is that had this manuscript undergone legitimate peer review, these
flaws would have led to a swift rejection and it wouldn’t be contributing to the conspiracy theories and
fear surrounding this outbreak,” Shiloh continued.

History suggests that Shiloh’s confidence in peer review’s ability to suss out pseudoscience may be a bit
misplaced. The fraudulent 1998 paper that set off the vaccine-autism scare was published in The Lancet,
one of the world’s leading peer-reviewed medical journals. Other examples — including a paper by an

 

NIH-002238
