transformed into an active molecule(3). It is the ionized form which establishes covalent bonds with the SH group of
the cysteine of the a subunit of the proton pump.

The solution used in 2015 by Jason Long et al. was, as in 2016 by Dowall et al., DMSO(Dimethyl Sulfoxide).
DMSO is a polar and aprotic organic solvent with dissociation constant pKa = 35.1 This is probably an explanation
for the surprising findings from these studies regarding proton pump inhibitors: Inhibition of viruses at 100 pM (at
50 uM esomeprazole for 4 of the 5 viruses tested) and increase in endosomal pH only at a concentration of 200 uM.

This is a situation which, from my point of view, does not reflect the human tissue situation, because in this situation
omeprazole can be ionized in the intracellular space but also already in the extracellular space.
Besides, that’s probably its advantage: to be ionized and activated where there is an acidic environment.

Without taking into account the tissue situation and the need that omeprazole must be ionized to be transformed into
an active molecule, it would not be possible to explain the following publications, since it would be impossible to
obtain tissue concentrations required:

« Proton pump inhibitors as anti vacuolar-ATPases drugs: a novel anticancer strategy » (4)

« Anti-Rhinovirus activity of lansoprazole, which was probably due to an endosomal anti-acidic mechanism »

(5)

‘ « The use of omeprazole family compounds was associated with a lower probability of influenza-like illness »
(6)

« PPIs exert an antiviral function by effectively inhibiting virus-specific serine proteases » (7)

« Proton pump inhibitors for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease » (8)

« The ngH,K-ATPase shares approximately 65% sequence homology with the gH,K-ATPase » (9)
« Omeprazole blocked another P-type ATPase, ATP7A (Menkes protein) in human epidermal mélanocytes »
(10)

« pH-dependent antitumor activity of proton pump inhibitors » (11)

« V-ATPase as a candidate target molecule or biomarker for cancer treatment and provide a potential role for
omeprazole as a chemosensitizer in clear cell carcinoma of the ovary » (12)

« Proton pump inhibitors such as omeprazole, used clinically to suppress gastric acidity in gastritis, are
activated by acidic conditions and tend to decrease intracellular pH and increase the extracellular pH via inhibition
of V-ATPases in a covalent interaction » (13)

« proton pump inhibitors have been shown to be highly effective at inhibiting V-ATPases in vitro » (14)

Specifically at the pulmonary level, we observe concerning proton pump inhibitors:

« ...Since ATP12A shares approximately 65% identity with the gastric H+/K+-ATPase (ATP4A), we
investigated the potential of using clinically approved ATP4A proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) for their ability to
restore ASL pH in CF hAECs. We show that, despite not expressing ATP4A transcripts, acute exposure to the PPI
esomeprezole, produced changes in intracellular pH that were consistent with the inhibition of H+ secretion, but this
response was independent of ATP12A. More importantly, chronic exposure of CF hAECs to esomeprazole
alkalinized the ASL without disrupting the epithelial barrier integrity, but this increase in ASL pH was consistent
with a decrease in mRNA expression of ATP12A. We conclude that PPIs may offer a new approach to restore ASL
pH in CF airways, which is independent of CFTR.... » (15)

NIH-001964
