Subject: RE: Tony and Conronavirus
Hi Patty,
Thanks so much and understand completely. Can only imagine how crazed you all must be.

Definitely don't want to do this without Tony. If next week docsn’t work, please send some potential options.
Getting a room can be the real challenge here. So I'd like to at least reserve space and cancel if need be. Also trying
to coordinate with Ron Klain who is very eager to participate.

Let me know if I should definitely cancel our space for February 11 or continue to hold for now.
Thanks again for everything!

Ruth

RUTH J. KATZ
Vice President, Aspen Institute
Executive Director, Health, Medicine and Society Program The Aspen Institute

ruth.katz@aspeninstitute.org
202-736-5827

-----Original Message-----

From: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [EJ] 8) OF}
Sent: Monday. February 3, 2020 11:36 AM

To: Katz, Ruth <Ruth.Katz@aspeninstitute.org>

Subject: RE: Tony and Conronavirus

Hi Ruth - circling back - hope we can make this work - will get back to you in a day or two....

Patricia L. Conrad

Public Health Analyst and

Special Assistant to the Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases The National Institutes of Health
31 Centcr Drive, MSC 2520 - Room 7A03

Bethesda, Maryland 20892

301-496-4409 fax

Disclaimer:

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive information. It
should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you have received this e-mail in error
please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any other storage devices. National Institute of Allergy
and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statement made that are sender’s own and not
expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

womens Original Message-----

From: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Monday, February 3, 2020 8:40 AM

To: Katz, Ruth <Ruth.Katz@aspeninstitute.org>
Subject: RE: Tony and Conronavirus

Hi - sorry for the delay - its been insanely busy.

NIH-002265
