launched a single point-of-entry website for innovators and product developers to submit
brief descriptions of their diagnostics, therapeutics, vaccines, and other products or
technologies relevant to this new virus.

Federal agencies are particularly interested in identifying products and technologies that
have progressed into or beyond non-clinical studies, have established large-scale
commercial Good Manufacturing Practices (CGMP) manufacturing capability, and/or have
utilized a platform already approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
BARDA also opened an easy broad agency announcement, an EZ-BAA, specific to
diagnostics that utilize platforms already cleared by the FDA, with a viable plan to meet
requirements for the FDA to consider Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) within 12 weeks
of an award.

About HHS, ASPR, and BARDA

HHS works to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans, providing
for effective health and human services and fostering advances in medicine, public health,
and social services. The mission of ASPR is to save lives and protect Americans from 21st
century health security threats. Within ASPR, BARDA invests in innovation, advanced
research and development, acquisition, and manufacturing of medical countermeasures —
vaccines, drugs, therapeutics, diagnostic tools, and non-pharmaceutical products needed
to combat health security threats. To date, 54 BARDA-supported products have achieved
regulatory approval, licensure or clearance. BARDA DRIVe brings together the best ideas
from the medical and scientific communities, together with government and venture
capital investment, to drive innovation that will strengthen our nation’s health security. To
learn more about preparing for and responding to public health emergencies, from new
infectious diseases to natural disasters and bioterrorism, by visiting the HHS public health
emergency website, www.phe.gov. For more information on partnering with BARDA on
developing medica! countermeasures, visit www.medicalcountermeasures.gov, and for
more on DRiVe, visit drive.hhs.gov.

 

HHH
Note: All HHS press releases, fact sheets and other news materials are available at
https://www.hhs.gov/news.
Like HHS on Facebook &, follow HHS on Twitter @HHSgov &, and sign up for HHS Email

Updates.
Last revised: February 18, 2020

Disclaimer: Any third-party material in this email has been shared for internal use under fair
use provisions of U.S. copyright law, without further verification of its accuracy/veracity. It
does not necessarily represent my views nor those of NIAID, NIH, HHS, or the U.S.
government.

NIH-00164 1
