So I'm hoping that your department has contacted the Bill and Melinda Gates foundation and see if
you could make the following idea national or international. It is a supplemental health system based
on Al and mobile technology and consists of two planks:

First:

- train an Al to be able to detect COVID-19 by measurements that can be done by cell phone (for
example pictures of patients, recordings of patient's respiratory system)

Second:
- develop and release a smart-phone application that does the following:

- turns on location tracking so health authorities can see where the cell phone owner is.

- allows for people to upload health measurements from their cell phone.

- keeps TRACK of where the cell phone owner is. If that person then tests positive for COVID later
on, it can then automatically figure out all the contacts of that person for the last 14 days.

- notifies those contacts that they have been in contact with someone with COVID-19, to isolate
themselves and regularly test themselves.

The goal would be to prevent hundreds of thousands of people from descending on hospitals and
overwhelming them, and to allow for the CDC or other medical personnel to go OUT and get them -
or isolate them for treatment in their own homes - rather than having them come in and infect
everybody.

Now this all hinges on the idea that Al could detect COVID-19 based on an audio recording or a simple
picture and do it reliably, but I'm fairly sure that it can based of the peer-reviewed literature. It is not
a difficult Al problem assuming that the microphone can pick up sounds well enough - if not, there are
already integrated stethoscopes for cell phones that could be mass produced - and once developed
to enough precision it could be deployed nationally or internationally fairly easily.

For all | know something like this is already in the works but | haven't heard of anything like it - apart
from the chinese app which AFAICT does not use any Al but DOES allow for automatic contact
tracing.

| sincerely hope this is already in the works. Ultimately it could be used both for detection and
treatment - assuming the current antivirals work out they could be distributed to the same
coordinates that positive diagnoses come in, perhaps by cheap drone so that nobody actually needs
to be exposed to the virus to effect treatment.

Anyways, thanks for your time and efforts. Personally I'm a software developer but I'm hoping that
perspective his helpful - for | view the fight against this virus as an INFORMATIONAL fight. It's like a
fire-suppression system or food safety measures. Again, | have no clue whether or not this is already
being done, and | apologize in advance if I'm missing something and this all seems obvious.

| just think that in this case it is prudent for us to be safe rather than sorry.

Thanks much,

NIH-001826
