From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Thu, 19 Mar 2020 02:05:42 +0000
To: Doug Brust

Subject: RE: Please Help

Doug:

Thanks for the note. | have pushed hard on PPEs and as you may know, the POTUS has
involved the Department of Defense to provide 5 million N-95 respirators. Hopefully that will
alleviate at least a portion of the PPE shortage. Regarding the bars and beaches, | have been
screaming on TV 2 to Stimes per night to tell the younger generation to start taking this
seriously. | am very surprised that Gov. DeSantis has not completely closed the bars, even if
they serve food. Take out only. | will bring this up at the Task Force meeting tomorrow.
Please take care of yourself. You are an indispensable front line warrior.

Best regards,
Tony

From: Doug BrustG OY J>

Sent: Wednesday, March 18, 2020 8:16 PM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [EJ >
Subject: Please Help

Tony-

| know you're ridiculously busy so please do not be upset with me, but | am frustrated and yes angry.
Again, | think you have to hear from the front line while formulating policy.

Today at the RW clinic | dealt with at least 12 URI's with fever.

We cannot test.

We have no PPE in clinic.

We have a case that tested positive for influenza then SARS-CoV-2--this scared me the most
given I'm trying to r/o COVID-19 by doing PCR for other respiratory viruses.

On the drive home just now, the gyms, bar-grilles and restaurants still packed. Yes, bars are
closed in Florida--but if they serve food (which they all do)....... they're open. Ans, so much for
the 50% capacity "suggestion".

The beaches still full for Spring Break. Look at the pics of St Pete.

e The DOH? This is from the the FL DOH just a few hours ago. Yes, this is TODAY.

“If a cluster of confirmed cases were to be discovered in Florida, the department would
move quickly to engage with and isolate any infected individuals to prevent further
spread,” said Alberto Moscoso, the state health department's spokesman.

| don't have to explain to you how ridiculous that statement is.

NIH-000415
