On Sun, Feb 9, 2020, 6:27 PM Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] wrote:

Megan:
Many thanks for your kind words. They are much appreciated.
Best regards,

Tony

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases

Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone:

FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail: (—___O@

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain
sensitive information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended
recipient. If you have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from
your mailbox or any other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious
Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own

and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

From: Megan 8. (<)>

Sent: Sunday, February 9, 2020 4:53 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: Thank you, Dr. Fauci

Dr. Fauci,

As a citizen and mother, | would just like to take a short moment to say thank you for all of your great
work and service to the American people. | have admired your work for many years, and appreciated
your transparency during the Ebola crisis, as well as this most recent situation. As a citizen, |
appreciate that you relay facts, both good and bad, and have established a sense of trust with the
people.

]. With the Ebola crisis, and with Coronavirus, | feel better when | see your press conferences and
hear all of the work you and your team do to protect both US citizens, and the world community.
Friday | was very happy to hear you announce the extreme progress that's been made in just two
week's time on the vaccine, and that there have been no roadblocks. This has been done at
unprecedented speeds, by what I'm sure are very talented scientists.

Again, thank you for your lifetime of service in disease prevention, and for making citizens like myself
feel better knowing we have people like you and your team working tirelessly for the people.
, but I take comfort in knowing we have such great,

talented individuals leading our public health system.

Dr. Fauci, you are truly a saint. Thank you for all that you do.

NIH-000863
