From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Fri, 28 Feb 2020 02:43:32 +0000

To: NIAID OD AM

Subject: FW: Invitation to speak at National Academies workshop
Attachments: FMT Vaccines SOT 12.20.pdf

Let us discuss.

From: Pavlin, Julie <JPavlin@nas.edu>

Sent: Thursday, February 27, 2020 6:04 PM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E][[_ OY >

Ce: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [EJ E>

Subject: Invitation to speak at National Academies workshop

Dear Dr. Fauci,

It is my pleasure to invite you to present at the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and
Medicine workshop on “The Critical Public Health Value of Vaccines — Tackling Issues of Access and
Hesitancy.” This workshop will be held on May 28-29, 2020 at the Pan American Health Organization
(PAHO) headquarters in Washington, DC. The statement of task for the workshop is attached.

The 1.5-day workshop will provide a venue to examine the current state of vaccine preventable diseases
and the impact of vaccine access and hesitancy on vaccine preventable diseases globally, as well as the
multidimensional drivers and impacts of declining vaccine confidence. This workshop will explore health
systems, research opportunities, communication strategies, and policies that could be considered to
address access, perceptions, attitudes, and behaviors toward vaccination. The workshop will be
broadcast live over the web to an international audience, and is being hosted by the National
Academies’ Forum on Microbial Threats.

Due to your in-depth expertise in this field, we would like to invite you to give a plenary presentation on
the development of new vaccines in the midst of an outbreak, specifically on the prospects of a
coronavirus vaccine. The primary audience for the event will be researchers, health practitioners,
industry leaders, and policy makers in infectious diseases and global health, so we are looking to initiate
this workshop with relevant discussions of barriers to accessing vaccines. Your responsibilities would be
to prepare and deliver a 15-minute presentation. We would cover your travel expenses in accordance
with U.S. federal government rules. We would be thankful to have your involvement in this workshop.
Please let me know if you might be interested. | would be happy to answer any questions you may have.

Thank you in advance for your time and consideration. We understand that this is a very busy time and
your calendar may be in flux.

Best wishes,

Julie

Julie A. Paviin, MD, PhD, MPH

Director, Board on Global Health

Health and Medicine Division — Find us at nationalacademies.org/HMD

The National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine

NIH-001236
