The meeting organizers, and our team at Keystone Symposia, have put a great deal of time and effort
over the last two years into designing the program, and your presentation is a key part of that. We hope
you will take these thoughts into consideration as the meeting approaches.

While this is a time we must all be vigilant about public health measures, we are reminding conference
attendees that this is also a time to remain calm, rational and scientific in addressing the situation. We
encourage you to engage with your fellow colleagues at the meeting as you normally would, to forge
new collaborations and novel ideas that will drive your research and the field in innovative and fruitful
directions. At the meeting, we are providing the following suggestions based on recommendations from
the National Foundation of Infectious Disease:

e The best way to protect yourself against COVID-19 is similar to how you would take
precautions against the cold or flu. Wash your hands often using soap and water for at least 20
seconds. Cover your cough or sneeze with a tissue or the crook of your elbow rather than your
hands.

e There is no need to wear a face mask if you are well and do not have symptoms—masks
protect the sick from spreading germs but will not prevent you from getting sick.

e Do not assume that anyone of Asian descent is more likely to have coronavirus—do not forget
about the importance of inclusivity and evidence-based information.

Again, we thank you for your contributions and commitment to Keystone Symposia and wish for a very
successful and inspiring meeting.

Sincerely,

 

Deborah L. Johnson, Ph.D.
President and Chief Executive Officer
Keystone Symposia on Molecular and Cellular Biology

KEYSTONE ## SYMPOSIA

on Molecular and Cellular Biology

Accelerating Life Science Discovery

 

DIVERSITY IN THE SCIENTIFIC WORKFORCE

PO Box 1630 | Silverthorne | CO 80498 | USA (regular mail only)

160 US Highway 6, Ste. 200 | Silverthorne | CO 80498 | USA (courier only)
970.262.1230 | 800.253.0685 | www.keystonesymposia.o
Visit virtual. keystonesymposia.org to view our digital content.

 

NIH-001190
