with lab workers handling SARS in Beijing. Ebright, who has a long history of raising red flags about
studies with dangerous pathogens, also in 2015 criticized an experiment in which modifications were
made to a SARS-like virus circulating in Chinese bats to see whether it had the potential to cause
disease in humans. Earlier this week, Ebright questioned the accuracy of Bedford’s calculation that
there are at least 25 years of evolutionary distance between RaTG13—the virus held in the Wuhan
virology institute—and 2019-nCovV, arguing that the mutation rate may have been different as it
passed through different hosts before humans. Ebright tells Scienceinsider that the 2019-nCoV data
are “consistent with entry into the human population as a natural accident.”

Shi did not reply to emails from Science, but her longtime collaborator, disease ecologist Peter Daszak
of the EcoHealth Alliance, dismissed Ebright’s conjecture. “Every time there’s an emerging disease, a
new virus, the same story comes out: This is a spillover or the release of an agent or a bioengineered
virus,” Daszak says. “It’s just a shame. It seems humans can’t resist controversy and these myths, yet
it’s staring us right in the face. There’s this incredible diversity of viruses in wildlife and we’ve just
scratched the surface. Within that diversity, there will be some that can infect people and within that
group will be some that cause illness.”

\

eae:

  
       
   

 

nw Kitna tae? bes Peano cate eras
A team of researchers from the Wuhan Institute of Virology and the EcoHealth Alliance have trapped
bats in caves all over China, like this one in Guangdong, to sample them for coronaviruses.

EcoHealth Alliance

Daszak and Shi’s group have for 8 years been trapping bats in caves around China to sample their
feces and blood for viruses. He says they have sampled more than 10,000 bats and 2000 other
species. They have found some SOO novel coronaviruses, about 50 of which fall relatively close to the
SARS virus on the family tree, including RaTG13—it was fished out of a bat fecal sample they collected
in 2013 from a cave in Moglang in Yunnan province. “We cannot assume that just because this virus
from Yunnan has high sequence identity with the new one that that’s the origin,” Daszak says, noting
that only a tiny fraction of coronaviruses that infect bats have been discovered. “I expect that once
we’ve sampled and sampled and sampled across southern China and central China that we’re going to
find many other viruses and some of them will be closer [to 2019-nCoV].”

It’s not just a “curious interest” to figure out what sparked the current outbreak, Daszak says. “If we
don't find the origin, it could still be a raging infection at a farm somewhere, and once this outbreak
dies, there could be a continued spillover that’s really hard to stop. But the jury is still out on what the
real origins of this are.”

Posted in:

e Asia/Pacific

NIH-002401
