Any additional information will be deeply appreciated.

Thanks!

From: Kerr, Lawrence (HHS/OS/OGA)f{ OO) G]>

Sent: Sunday, February 9, 2020 5:03 PM
To: Grigsby, Garrett (HHS/OS/OGA) f—_() ); Zebley, Kyle

(HHS/OS/OGA) < OYG}>; Elvander, Erika (0S/OGA)
iG Tracy Carson»

Subject: WHO advance team on coronavirus on way to China - Tedros tweet

February 9, 2020 / 4:01 PM / Updated an hour ago

UPDATE 1-WHO advance team on
coronavirus on way to China - Tedros
tweet

Stephanie Nebehay
By Stephanie Nebehay

GENEVA, Feb 9 (Reuters) - An advance team of international experts led by the World
Health Organization (WHO) has left for Beijing to help investigate China’s coronavirus
epidemic, the Geneva-based agency said on Sunday.

WHO director-general Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, who made a trip to Beijing for talks
with President Xi Jinping and Chinese ministers in late January, returned with an
agreement on sending an international mission.

But it has taken nearly two weeks to get the government’s green light on its composition,
which was not announced, other than to say that WHO veteran Dr. Bruce Aylward, a
Canadian epidemiologist and emergencies expert, was heading it.

“ve just been at the airport seeing off members of an advance team for the @WHO-led
#2019nCoV international expert mission to #China, led by Dr Bruce Aylward, veteran of
past public health emergencies,” Tedros said in a tweet from Geneva.

Dr. Sylvie Briand, who accompanied Tedros last month and stayed behind for talks with top
Chinese health officials, told Reuters last week that they were discussing a list of experts
with China.

“Because it is a joint mission, they need to be on board, it's not just an international group
going there. We have about 15 people,” said Briand, director of Global Infectious Hazard
Preparedness at WHO.

China raised the death toll from the coronavirus outbreak to 811 on Sunday, passing the
number killed globally by the SARS epidemic, as authorities made plans for millions of
people returning to work after an extended Lunar New Year break.

The virus, which has spread to two dozen countries, has killed some 2% of more than
37,550 cases worldwide, with 99 percent of infections in China, WHO figures show.

The WHO declared the outbreak a global emergency on Jan. 30, days after the Chinese
central government imposed a lockdown on 60 million people in Hubei province and its
capital Wuhan, epicentre of the virus that emerged in December in a seafood market.

NIH-002017
