From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Thu, 6 Feb 2020 03:49:36 +0000

To: Robert Knobler

Cc: Cassetti, Cristina (NIH/NIAID) [E];Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: RE: Potential Approach to Wuhan Coronavirus

Bob:

Thanks for your note. It was good to hear from you. I am copying Cristina Cassetti on this e-mail. Cristina
directs the extramural coronavirus research activities. Perhaps you two can connect to discuss research
opportunities.

Best,
Tony

cones Original Message-----
From: Robert Knoblert (6) (6)

Sent: Wednesday, February 5, 2020 10:55 AM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: Potential Approach to Wuhan Coronavirus

 
 

 

Dear Dr. Fauci,

You likely do not recall meeting me when | was looking at potential fellowships in 1978, however, | never forgot
your enthusiasm. I went out to San Diego and worked with Mike Oldstone, between 1979 and 1984.

I did study a mouse coronavirus while there, mouse hepatitis virus (MHV). I focused on genetic resistance, and
eventually described a mouse locus for susceptibility, which coded for the MHV receptor.

Lacking the correct receptor or blocking binding of the virus spike protein to the receptor with monoclonal
antibodics blocked infection.

On to the present problem of human coronaviruses. Vaccines will take a long time for the current crisis. The
angiotensin converting enzyme 2 receptor has been identified as the relevant human coronavirus receptor in earlier
studies of SARS and MERS human coronavirus outbreaks. I am writing to suggest the investigation of ARBs as
potential blocking agents to either reduce or completely block infection. Perhaps this can be checked. if correct,
there may still be sufficient untainted supplies of ARBs, such as irbesartan, available, or production can be scaled
up, if this truly is the eve of a pandemic.

Wishing you success in this endeavor. I am willing to contribute in any way | can. Please feel free to contact me by
e-mail or my cell phone.

I also did do clinical trials while with Mike, and then when I joined the neurology faculty of Jefferson in
Philadelphia. I have been out on my own since December 1998, but I have never lost my interest in this work. For
another time, | also have some novel ideas on how HIV becomes AIDS, as well. Ironically, these ideas were based
upon observations I made during my analysis of MHV.

All the Best,

Robert L Knobler, MD, PhD

NIH-002147
