seen me as a Sellout.” Yet Harrington continued to make a profound
impression on Fauci’s thinking.

Harrington was passionately committed to loosening up the F.D.A.’s
restrictive regime. “It was murder,” he told me. “I don’t know any other
way to describe it.” Harrington, who went on to win a MacArthur
“genius” grant for his work on the disease, established himself as the
most knowledgeable student of the agency’s byzantine regulations. In
meetings with Fauci and other officials, he urged them to move faster
and with greater compassion for those who were suffering.

There are three stages in most F.D.A. clinical trials. The first tests
whether a drug is safe. The second assesses its efficacy. The last stage,
conducted in larger groups, confirms that the drug works and that there
are no serious adverse reactions. Harrington argued that people with no
alternative should be granted access to those drugs as soon as they had
been proved safe, even if their effectiveness remained unknown.

At first, Fauci was concerned that, if people taking multiple
experimental medications joined clinical trials, the results would be
hopelessly muddled. He was also afraid that granting sick people
unrestricted access to unapproved drugs would deter them from
participating in the trials at all. Harrington and other activists reassured
him that they were committed to strictly monitored drug trials that would
provide enough data to know what worked and what did not.

Fauci is a realist, and the facts were obvious to anyone who cared to
look. Traditional methods of testing drugs weren’t working.
Underground networks were growing everywhere. With so

many AIDS patients taking untested medications, federal health officials
had to concede that their system was broken. Even the most fundamental
protocol of a clinical trial—giving some participants a placebo—came
into question. In a study conducted in San Francisco in 1989, nearly all
the volunteers had their medicine analyzed, to see whether they were
receiving an active dose. Those who learned that they had been given
placebos almost invariably dropped out.

“There was a feeling in science that doctors know best, scientists know
best,” Fauci said. “We love our patients, but they don’t really know
what’s best for them. Then, when we dealt with this disease that was
