From: Auchincloss, Hugh (NIH/NIAID) [E] on behalf of Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Sun, 26 Apr 2020 17:42:12 +0000
To: NIAID OD AM
Subject: FW: Invitation to Webinar as keynote speaker.

| wouldn’t think so.

From: Secretary ARPF «OY JS
Sent: Saturday, April 25, 2020 2:07 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E][ YF

Subject: Invitation to Webinar as keynote speaker.

To,

Anthony S. Fauci,

Office of the Director,

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases,

National Institutes of Health, 9000 Rockville Pike, Bldg 31, Room 7A03,
Bethesda MD 20892

Subject: Invitation to Webinar as keynote speaker.
Dear Sir,

On behalf of ASSOCIATION OF REGISTERED PHARMACIST (An association working for Pharmacy
Profession and having more than 2000 members) in collaboration with Divine International, Gwalior (A
Pioneer Pharmacy Institute) | am pleased to invite you to our Webinar having THEME “CHALLENGES AND
OPPORTUNITIES FOR PHARMACIST IN THE PRESENT EPIDEMIC COVID-19” that will be held from 2nd
May 2020 to 3rd May 2020. This Webinar is the get together of Pharma professionals through the web.
The vision of this Webinar is to Aware, Prepare and strengthen our Pharmacy professionals in our
country to this epidemic COVID-19 for present and future aspect and exports more realistic ideas and
present scenario of this epidemic COVID-19.

You are one of the legends of Pharma Expert of our country, it is a great privilege for us to see if you
share your experience with us, we real'y expect and want that you join our Webinar and share with us
the great experience of your life, we want to learn something from you so that we can create a great
ideas, opportunity, and roll of Pharma professional for our country in the present scenario.

We would be pleased to have you present at this point at this webinar to listen to what the role and
importance in the Pharmacist advancement and their impact on our society and daily life we would also
love to hear your thoughts and opinion about the Pharma professional that is a dream of our pharmacy
fraternity.

Therefore you are requested to send your recorded Lecture/presentation of 30-40 min

Sincerely,
