From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Wed, 18 Mar 2020 20:09:47 +0000
To: Lerner, Andrea (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: FW: Covid-19

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

    
 
 

Phone:—f  ()
FAX: (301) 496-4409 |
E-mail:C OG

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

 

From: Ann Beloten~ J
Sent: Wednesday, March 18, 2020 4:07 PM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) (EJ OY
Subject: Covid-19

 

Dear Dr. Fauci,

| am writing to you because | have a question regarding Covid-19. How come you do not tell the
compete truth to the American people regarding this virus? All | hear is the bad facts about it. Why not
give people some help and tell us the good facts about it? Good facts such as the number of actual
patients is very small compared to the whole population, most people who get it make a full and
complete recovery. Are you enjoying the senseless panic you made? Panic where people are

hoarding food/goods, stealing full shopping carts from the elderly, losing their jobs/wages, inadequate
education now that schools are closed.

The number of people who will actually be sickened by the virus will be dramatically dwarfed by the
people who lose their jobs, receive a poor education despite their teachers best efforts and miss out on
once in a lifetime events such as weddings, graduations, communions.

What you are doing is not right for the American people!! You need to stop playing GOD and tell the
people the complete truth!! The country and the people need to get back to our normal lives NOW!!
Sincerely,

Ann Beloten

NIH-000437
