| am the logistical contact for the COVID-19 session that will be held as part of
the Annual Meeting (online) program on Saturday, April 25 at 2:00 pm EDT.
Thank you for agreeing to participate in this session. To help you with your
planning, | have provided additional details below.

Please note that the session will be live webcast and the general public will
also be able to watch the session. Video from the session will also be
uploaded on the NAS YouTube channel
(https://www.youtube.com/user/theNASciences) after the meeting. We will
need to obtain signed speaker release forms for your participation in this
session. | have attached the speaker release form for your review and
submission. Please return the signed speaker release form by Monday, April
13.

Session speakers are asked to connect 30 minutes prior to the session start
time (by Saturday, April 25 at 1:30 pm EDT) to allow the technical staff to
check connections and prepare for the session. Details on how to connect will
be sent before the meeting.

We will list you in our promotional materials as noted below. If this is
incorrect, please let me know.

Anthony S. Fauci, Director, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious
Diseases

Jeremy Farrar, Director, Wellcome Trust

George F. Gao, Director-General, Chinese Center for Disease Control &
Prevention

Sanjay Gupta, Chief Medical Correspondent, CNN

Richard J. Hatchett, CEO, Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations
Susan R. Weiss, Professor of Microbiology, Perelman School of Medicine,
University of Pennsylvania

Since many of us have moved to remote work environments, you may
already be proficient with Zoom and other online meeting/collaboration
applications. | am attaching a ‘speaker guidelines’ file in case you have any
questions on how best to prepare for and stage your remote talk. We have
technical staff available to help you become familiar with Zoom and its
settings — such as “sharing your screen” (if you have slide presentations that
need to be shown during your talk). We can arrange for a training session this
week or next week. If you would like to schedule a session, please let me
know as soon as possible.

Dr. Dzau’s office will be in touch regarding the agenda for this session. If you
have any other questions, please let me know.

Regards, Jenny
