 

From: XC)

Sent: Mon, 16 Mar 2020 16:23:09 -0400

To: Luo, Yiming (NIH/NIAMS) [E]

Cc: Kadlec, Robert (OS/ASPR/IO)

Subject: Re: concerns regarding CDC recommendations for COVID-19 prevention in

healthcare settings

Yiming:
Thanks for your note. I will forward your email to dr. Robert Kadlec who is in charge of the
SNS.
Best regards,
Tony

On Mar 16, 2020, at 2:53 PM, Luo, Yiming (NIH/NIAMS) [E]

[ ©) GF >wrote:

Dear Dr. Fauci,

My name is Yiming and | am a clinical fellow in rheumatology at NIH/NIAMS. | have
colleagues and friends working in community hospitals fighting against COVID-19 and we
are deeply concerned regarding the CDC interim recommendations for COVID-19
prevention in healthcare settings saying that “facemasks are an acceptable alternative
when the supply chain of respirators cannot meet the demand”. Currently hospitals in New
York City are asking their healthcare providers to wear surgical mask while treating COVID-
19

COVID-19 is highly contagious in healthcare settings with a large proportion of healthcare
professionals being infected reported in early literature [1]. A recent study suggested that
asymptomatic patients can transmit SARS-CoV-2 which puts potentially additional threats
to healthcare providers [2].

Although surgical mask can effectively prevent droplet transmission, whether and to what
degree SARS-CoV-2 can transmit through aerosol approach is still uncertain. Studies with
2003 SARS virus suggest a high level of concerns for aerosol transmission [3], and a recent
unpublished study from MedRxiv revealed that SARS-CoV-2 has similar aerosol stability
compared to SARS [4].

Healthcare professionals are our frontline force against the coronavirus emergency and we
cannot afford even a slight probability of a large scale infections among healthcare workers
due to insufficient personal protective equipment. We hope that accessing the Strategic
National Stockpile (SNS) and any potential mass production program are actively being
considered to protect, and ultimately, save lives for U.S. people.

Sincerely,

NIH-000482
