The mass infection at the hospital is centered on its locked psychiatric ward, where a confined
environment could have aggravated transmissions, said Jung Eun-Kyeong, director of the KCDC.

A man in his 40s was found dead at his home in city of Gyeongju, east of Daegu, after becoming infected
with the virus. He is the third person to die from the virus in South Korea.

Trump was not told coronavirus-infected Americans would be flown home from cruise ship

In Japan, the number of coronavirus cases rose to 121 on Saturday, more than tripling in a week. That
number excludes the 634 people on board the Diamond Princess who contracted the virus.

One of the latest cases was a teacher in her 60s at a public junior high school east of Tokyo, who
complained of nausea while working. The mayor of Chiba city said the school will be closed until
Wednesday, public broadcaster NHK reported.

The teacher had not traveled abroad in the past two weeks and has no record of having been in contact
with a known infected person, underlining the fact that the virus is now spreading almost invisibly
throughout the country, experts say.

Quarantines in effect in parts of Italy amid sudden spike in cases

As numbers suddenly rose in Italy, the government has scrambled to contain the new outbreak, asking
some 50,000 people to stay indoors and suspending all public events — including religious ceremonies
and school — in 10 small towns to the south of Milan.

Until a few days ago, Italy had seen only three confirmed infections, including a pair of Chinese tourists.
“There is quite an evident contagion, a very strong one,” said Giulio Gallera, health chief of the northern
Lombardy region, which has seen the majority of the cases.

Italian officials on Friday attributed the country’s first death to the coronavirus, and on Saturday said
that a 77-year-old woman had also tested positive for the virus after being found dead in her home. But
Italian authorities said the woman suffered from other health conditions, and were unsure if it was the
virus that had killed her.

As of Saturday afternoon, there were 39 confirmed cases in the prosperous Lombardy region, which
includes the country’s financial hub, Milan. There were another 12 cases in the neighboring northern
region of Veneto.

The regional president of Veneto, Luca Zaia, said it is becoming harder to figure out how the virus is
jumping from one place to the next.

“It goes to show you that having other cases of contagion is absolutely possible,” Zaia said.

According to Italian media reports, one of the first people to come down with the virus was a 38-year-
old who'd had dinner with somebody who had just come back from China. But some three weeks passed
between that dinner and the time the man came down with a fever. In between, he ran a half-
marathon, played soccer and traveled to several towns, according to La Repubblica, a major Italian
daily.

lran, meanwhile, announced its fifth death from the virus, raising the country’s overall total confirmed
cases to twenty eight.

Efforts to clear the Diamond Princess cruise ship continue

Meanwhile, tests are continuing on the crew members on board the Diamond Princess. At least 74 crew
members have so far been found to have the virus.

All of the passengers have now been tested and almost all have left the ship, either to go home if they
tested negative, to local hospitals or government facilities if they have the virus, or back to their home
countries.

Some passengers were asked to stay on board to serve an additional quarantine if their cabin mate
contracted the virus, but this group is also disembarking Saturday to serve out the rest of their
quarantine in a government facility, local media reported.

In China’s ‘war’ on coronavirus, hospitals turn away other patients — with dire results

NIH-001624
