 
   

Ce: Ryan Meyer[ ©) }>; Rebyn Snyder[__ CO Y>

Subject: INVITE- American College of Cardiology

Dr. Fauci-

On behalf of the American College of Cardiology (ACC), first | would like to thank you for your
tremendous service throughout your incredible career and certainly during these present and
challenging times. We are indebted to your service and thankful everyday we have you to help
guide public health measures through the COVID-19 pandemic.

lam a member of the Sports and Exercise Council for the ACC and the Course Chair for our
annual ACC Care of the Athletic Heart Conference. Originally scheduled June 18-20, 2020 at ACC
Heart House in Washington DC. | am also faculty at Emory University and direct our sports
cardiology program in Atlanta.

Of course, we have made the difficult decision to cancel our live meeting in June, but myself
along with the staff at ACC are working very hard transitioning the course to a virtual course
and agenda. This course will be a much shorter version and the agenda will all be pre-recorded
and distributed as a ‘live simulated version' on June 20, 2020.

With the impact of COVID-19 on all aspects of life and society, in our academic world of sports
cardiology, we are dealing with how COVID has impacted exercise and athletes. As you can
imagine, there are a multitude of different issues and questions that colleagues are raising.

One new session for our virtual agenda that we think will generate a lot of interest and is of
high importance will be a panel discussion on sports, exercise, and COVID-19. We would like to
get additional expertise on the panel from the ID/public health and Sports Medicine arenas, in
addition to sports cardiology. Of course, there is no one that carries the expertise you do from
the ID and public health perspective and we would be extremely honored if you could be a part
of this one session and join our faculty for the course.

Before getting into more details and a formal invite from the ACC, | wanted to first see if you
had the bandwidth for this. Understanding you are as busy, if not busier, than anyone in the
world right now. This session would be pre-recorded and we would certainly work to be flexible
with anytime you had for this in early June to record.

| hope this is something that could work- again we would be honored to host you virtually.

Many thanks for considering, and hope to hear from you soon. Best, Jonathan Kim

Jonathan H. Kim MD, MSc, FACC
Chief of Sports Cardiology
