From: pb) (6

Sent: Sun, 15 Mar 2020 22:52:40 -0400
To: Lerner, Andrea (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: Fwd: COVID-19

Please handle

Sent from my 1Pad

Begin forwarded message:

From: Deb Whitney—__ OC

Date: March 15, 2020 at 10:28:48 PM EDT

To: "Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]"
Subject: COVID-19

Thank you for your frank speaking about COVID-19. | credit your willingness to stand up and
speak aloud that “the emperor has no clothes” ... You have already helped so many through
the current pandemic. | know you will understand my concern. But, please help me spread this
message as well.

In light of public school closures...these include children and young people from kindergarten
through high school. These closures also include preschool programs (Voluntary Pre-K in
Florida) for 4-year-olds that are part of a public elementary school.

These school closures do not apply to children whose ages range from infants through
preschool (including VPK) receiving care and education in private, corporate, or faith-based
centers. My center is one of these, and we are not closing.

This is a business decision.
No kids = No money.
At what price?

We have more than 90 infants, toddlers and young children enrolled at our center, with 20-plus
employees on premises throughout the day between the hours of 6:30 am and 6:00 pm. Ours
is a S-Star rated, NAEYC accredited preschool program. | have 17 three-year-old preschool
children in my classroom on any given day, with 3 teachers assigned to this room. This is a high
quality program.

Please explain how | am supposed to take recommended precautions against COVID-19?
Does social distance apply only to adults? If not, please help me know how to maintain social
distance of 3 feet between children and adults at arrival or departure times when | am helping

a child with separation from their primary care giver or saying goodbye at the end of the day?
How do | maintain social distance between children during center time in the block area, in the

NIH-000538
