1. Do the current available data allow to understand the threat level of coronavirus 2019-
nCoV in terms of both lethality and diffusion speed, and about the possible evolution
scenarios of the disease?

There is much that we do not know about the novel coronavirus. Currently, there have been more
than 37,000 confirmed cases in China, and China has reported more than 800 deaths. As you
know, there have been three confirmed cases in Italy to date. The reported case fatality rate
(lethality) among the 37,000 cases that have come to the attention of the health care system
is 2%. However, given that there are likely many more cases that are without symptoms
or with minimal symptoms , the actual death rate is probably lower than 2%.

It is impossible to predict how the virus will evolve. It is our hope that the extraordinary
containment measures that China has implemented will help prevent the outbreak from
becoming a global pandemic. But given that the virus is present in 27 countries to date and can
be transmitted from person-to-person, it may take a foothold and evolve into a global pandemic.

2) What exactly do we know about its modes of transmission, especially from people who
do not yet have the symptoms?

Again, there is much that we do not know about the novel coronavirus, including its specific
transmission abilities. Based on initial findings that have been reported, we suspect its
transmission is similar to influenza and other respiratory viruses, namely that is transmitted
through respiratory droplets when an infected person coughs or sneezes, and by touching
surfaces, such as door handles, that recently have virus on them and then touching your face.
There have also been reports that the virus is present in feces and vomit. However, it is still
uncertain that the virus can be transmitted through this route.

Traditionally, most viruses are transmitted when someone has symptoms. With the novel
coronavirus; however, there appears to be asymptomatic transmission occurring. We do not
know how many cases are being driven by asymptomatic transmission or by those with
symptoms. Typically, viruses are largely transmitted by infected people experiencing symptoms.

3) Are the genetic sequences provided by China enough to start working on a vaccine?

The genetic sequences provided by China enabled researchers to quickly develop a diagnostic
that is being used to determine whether someone is infected with the novel coronavirus. The
genetic information has also been useful in work to develop a preventive vaccine. The National
Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, part of the U.S. National Institutes of Health, is
building on its experience with the SARS and MERS coronaviruses to better understand the virus
as well as develop and test rapid point-of-care diagnostics, vaccines and treatments, including
broad-spectrum antivirals and antibody therapies. In terms of vaccines specifically, we are

NIH-002040
