The FDA for years has mostly stayed out of the debate around drug prices; the agency doesn’t regulate
the cost of medicines or health insurance coverage. But Hahn talked up FDA’s role in getting prices down
by approving more generics, acknowledging that “the American people are expecting us to do more.”
Trump has touted the FDA’s record on boosting competition via generic approvals.

As FDA works on finalizing the importation rule, Hahn said the agency will be open to addressing
criticism that states can’t save money bringing in drugs from Canada if the pathway is too burdensome.
But he stressed safety is tantamount. “Our primary concern is the protection of the drug supply,” he
said.

Hahn said he has also talked with CMS Administrator Seema Verma about addressing costs of new
brand-name products that are approved with limited data sets, similar to the way CMS decides to cover
some medical devices. That approach — known as coverage with evidence development — lets CMS
cover a new product on the condition that manufacturers keep providing data.

FDA has not done that, but new medicines are increasingly being approved on smaller clinical trials
without hard data on clinical benefits — and can come with six-figure price tags.

As an academic, Hahn had co-written an editorial suggesting that payments for newly approved
radiation oncology devices could be linked to older products until enough evidence builds up to show
that the new products are superior. Only then would manufacturers have more pricing leeway.

“It’s a CMS call about coverage with evidence development, but | do think in this world where we are
concerned, and rightfully so, about the cost of medicine and health et cetera, that we should be looking
at all avenues to approach that,” he told POLITICO.

Over the last few years, some critics have said the FDA is overcorrecting and moving too quickly to
approve drugs without adequate evidence. But Hahn did not indicate he would put the brakes on.

“At the end of the day there is this balance between the gold standard and being efficient and getting
things in people’s hands I’m totally confident in the agency's ability to do that.”

Hahn must balance all that while leading the FDA’s response to the Wuhan crisis, which has heightened
some lawmakers’ concern about U.S. reliance on Chinese drug manufacturing after incidents of
contamination with carcinogens.

"We have to be concerned about the supply chain to make sure that we have enough of what we need if
there are any potential outbreaks here," Rep. Susan Brooks (R-Ind.) said after a closed-door briefing
Thursday for Energy and Commerce committee members with top health officials. The fact that China
manufactures much of the protective medical gear used in U.S. hospitals and clinics "should cause us to
be reexamining what we’re doing in China versus what should be brought back to this country." she
said.

Outside of the coronavirus, a host of thorny regulatory issues await Hahn. Industry and lawmakers have
pressed for a clear FDA framework on selling cannabidiol, the popular hemp and marijuana byproduct
decriminalized by the 2018 farm bill — and since sold as medicine, dietary supplements and infused in
food, cosmetics and skincare products.

“You cannot walk down the street without seeing the products” but there is a dearth of solid data on
how safe and effective CBD actually is, said Hahn.

Those CBD challenges have fueled larger discussions about how to better regulate the vast dietary
supplement market, where manufacturers often push legal boundaries by making unverified claims
about how herbal or homeopathic products can help people.

“It will be something else next,” said Hahn. We don’t want to overstep our bounds but we want to make
sure that safe and effective products are in the hands of people.”

Disclaimer: Any third-party material in this email has been shared for internal use under fair use provisions
of U.S. copyright law, without further verification of its accuracy/veracity. It does not necessarily represent
my views nor those of NIAID, NIH, HHS, or the U.S. government.

NIH-002414
