From: es 1)
Sent: Sat, 21 Mar 2020 07:38:39 -0400

 

To: Friedmann, Theodore
Subject: Re: COVID-19 information for the public

Thank you for your note.
AS Fauci

Sent from my iPhone

> On Mar 21, 2020, at 2:01 AM, Friedmann, Theodore <tfriedmann@health.ucsd.edu> wrote:

>

> Dear Tony: [’m sure that you realize how dismayed and saddened many of us are at the inaccurate and harmful
comments coming from our political leaders regarding the COVID-19 pandemic. That feeling hit a new height today
with the irresponsible and nonsensical anncuncement from President Trump regarding his claimed effectiveness of
chloroquine and hydroxychloroquine. This announcement and many other untruths were delusional, irrational, un-
scientific and revealed a profoundly harmful and unethical betrayal by President Trump his responsibility to protect
the health of the public that pus th republic in sever danger. I was very glad to hear your public comments that
countered this horribly dangerous misinformation. I hope that your message falls on receptive ears in the public and
leads to a major change in the kind of public announcements that are currently being foisted on the desperate public
who depend on knowing and acting based on the truth. Please continue and even expand your role as the truth teller
in the who crowded collection of muzzled officials and sycophants who seem to be more devoted to deceiving the
public rather than preparing the public for hard truths and solving the logistics failures of masks, availability of
testing its. Please continue your brave and essential role as honest broker that you play valiantly privately during
your policy discussions that the public also deserves to know about the wrong and unethical self-serving propaganda
that the public is fed by President Trump and some other members of the Corona Virus task force. It is a deadly
governmental game. I wish you good luck in alerting the public to this immoral, unethical and deadly plague of
governmental misinformation designed to shape political quandaries rather than public welfare. Please continue
speaking out about public misinformation.

>

> Ted Friedmann, MD

>

NIH-000366
