discharged. More than 4,600 confirmed cases (including > 100 deaths)
have occurred since December 8, 2019.

A total of 13 additional, exported, confirmed cases have been reported
(through January 28, 2:00 p.m. EST) since Monday, January 27. More
than 25 cases have been exported in the past 7 days. Cases reported
since Monday arrived in the following countries on the dates shown:
Singapore (January 19 and 23), Taiwan (January 22), Japan (January 20
and 21), France (arrival date unknown), and Thailand (arrival dates
unknown). All of these cases had travel history to Wuhan or contact with
an ill person from Wuhan while in China.

In addition to these exported cases, 7 locally acquired cases have been
reported since Monday in Germany (4), Japan, Taiwan and Vietnam. The
cases in Japan, Taiwan, and Vietnam reported contact with an obviously ill
person from China. In Germany all 4 cases had close contact in a
business seminar with an apparently asymptomatic Chinese woman on
January 21 (who previously had contact with relatives from Wuhan); the
women states symptom onset was on a flight to Shanghai on January 23,
and she was later confirmed to have 2019-nCoV. Incubation periods in
these cases have been as short as 3 days. In light of the secondary cases
in Germany in a business setting, the most cautious approach of having
arrivals stay at home or in a hotel for 14 days after their last possible
exposure in China is increasingly justified.

Updated travel advisories include: 1) Australia: reconsider travel to China;
2) Canada: avoid all travel to Hubei Province; 3) Finland: avoid
nonessential travel to Hubei Province; 4) France: avoid all travel to Hubei
Province; 5) Germany: avoid nonessential travel to China and avoid all
travel to Hubei Province; 6) India: avoid all nonessential travel to China; 7)
New Zealand: avoid all travel to Hubei Province; 8) Taiwan: avoid all
nonessential travel to China.

Singapore now denies entry to residents of Hubei Province and those who
have traveled there in the past 14 days.

Mongolia and 3 regions (Amur Oblast, Khabarovsk Kray, Yevreyskaya
Oblast) in Far Eastern Federal District, Russia have closed their land
borders with China.

Bangladesh, Canada, India, Kazakhstan, Russia, and South Korea are
arranging flights to repatriate their respective citizens from Wuhan. These
persons will be closely monitored and present little threat of onward
transmission.

All tourist attractions in Tibet Autonomous Region have been closed.

Current influenza vaccination is recommended to decrease the risk of
simple influenza being mistaken for 2019-nCoV upon return.

Infection control supplies have been depleted in medical facilities in the

smaller cities in central China; the situation is critical in many areas and
resupply is uncertain.

NIH-002128
