«,..cardiotonic steroids ouabain and bufalin, which are known not to affect the transport function of Na+,K+-
ATPase, inhibited infection of cells with MHV, FIPV, Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS)-CoV, and VSV,
but not IAV, when the compounds were present during virus inoculation. Cardiotonic steroids were shown to inhibit
entry of MHV at an early stage, resulting in accumulation of virions close to the cell surface and, as a consequence,
in reduced fusion. In agreement with an early block in infection, the inhibition of VSV by CTSs could be bypassed
by low-pH shock. Viral RNA replication was not affected when these compounds were added after virus entry. The
antiviral effect of ouabain could be relieved by the addition of different Src kinase inhibitors, indicating that Src
signaling mediated via ATPIA1 plays a crucial role in the inhibition of CoV and VSV infections...» (25)

In conclusion, in order to verify the possible efficacy of omeprazole and esomeprazole in the control of infection by
coronaviruses :

The equivalent of the maximum serum concentration that can be obtained in the human body should be used
and tested in active (ionized) form in vitro.
Unlike an in vitro test, the human body is an open system, a dissipative system. However, local concentrations of the
ionized form should not exceed serum concentrations of the inactive non-ionized form in the absence of active
transport.
But the transformation from the non-ionized form to the ionized form could continue until the saturation of the
reactions at the cellular level or until the depletion of the transformation capacity from the inactive form to an active
form, linked to a change in acidity or the depletion of the inactive form.

As omeprazole can modify or even inhibit the action of the M2 protein of the influenza virus at the cellular
level (26), based on a computer simulation test, tt would be desirable to check the interaction capabilities of
omeprazole with protein E of the coronavirus. Protein E is likely to resemble the protein M2 in its mode of action.

In the absence of a treatment recognized as effective in the context of a coronavirus infection and in the
absence of data clearly demonstrating the ineffectiveness of omeprazole, personally, I would be tempted to take
omeprazole after being in contact (at a distance of less than 2 to 3 meters) with people at risk of contamination or if I
had the first symptoms, hoping for the inhibitory activity of omeprazole on P-type ATPases (27, 28) in the context
of coronavirus exocytosis, in analogy to the action "off target on the endosomal vATPase” during endocytosis
processes.

This step, if effective, will not prevent infection, but could lessen its importance, slow the process down and give the
immune system a complementary option to defend itself...

Personal experience, using omeprazole in the context of seasonal respiratory viral infections since 2007,
reminds me of the indication to divide the daily dose into two daily doses (omeprazole 10mg morning and evening is
usually already effective for seasonal respiratory viral infections). According to the evolution and the importance of
inflammatory state I associate an antihistamine, eg cetirizine.

In the context of the coronavirus, I would be tempted

share the maximum permissible daily dose of omeprazole in 3 divided doses after being in contact with
people at risk of contamination at a distance of less than 2 to 3 meters

divide the daily dose of omeprazole into two daily doses in case of minor symptoms

take the daily dose of omeprazole in a single dose if the symptoms worsen with repercussions on the general
condition

to resume the daily dose of omeprazole in two daily doses when the symptoms of severity diminish.

The effectiveness of esomeprazole may be greater than omeprazole.

NIH-001966
