| would like to post this widely today, but want your input first. Can you please make
suggestions/additions/corrections?

Thanks so much!

Jon

The World Health Organization has declared the Covid-19 outbreak to be a
pandemic -- official recognition that the virus respects no borders and now
affects masses of people in countries all over the world. And there is no
denying the world is changing, in painful ways. We see it in financial
markets, where prices are plunging -- and in supermarkets, where
customers are stripping shelves bare. All driven by fear, as the number of
virus Cases grows with each passing day. While we may feel powerless over
this threat, we are not. There are important things we can and must do --
and right now.

To borrow a phrase from the war on terror, the coronavirus only has to be
right once to infect us. We have to be right every time to prevent it. So, every
time you cough or sneeze, use a tissue or the crook of your arm. Every time
you think of it, wash your hands -- as frequently as you can. Every time you
can, practice “social distancing” -- stay away from others during this
outbreak. Social distancing is now being enforced throughout our society.
Schools are closing, sporting events of every kind are being canceled. The
curtain has even come down on Broadway shows as the Great White Way
goes dark.

Despite our best efforts, it's likely many of us will eventually get infected by
the virus, since we have no immunity to it. If that's the case, you may ask,
does it really matter when we get infected? The answer is a resounding
yes! And here's why: slowing the spread of coronavirus -- and consequently
delaying infections -- can make an enormous difference in our ability to
handle the pandemic.

Take a look at this illustration. It appeared in the Economist and is based on
a CDC report. The blue curve shows what happens when you do nothing.
The number of infections peaks relatively quickly. This can overwhelm a
healthcare system that is not prepared to handle such a huge number of
patients. Emergency rooms and hospitals can become overloaded. We may
see shortages of medical supplies -- including protective gear and breathing
machines -- and shortages of healthcare workers, especially if many of them
become infected. But look at the yellow curve. It shows what can happen
when you slow the epidemic. The outbreak is stretched out. And while it may
last longer, the peak number of infections is much lower, putting less stress
on the healthcare system and allowing better care for each patient. It also
gives scientists more time to develop new treatments and vaccines.

NIH-000574
