From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Sat, 29 Feb 2020 23:29:47 +0000
To: Richard Goodman

Subject: RE: Coronavirus question
Richard:

There are no CDC-issued travel restrictions within the USA. The CDC made this
clear at the White House press conference this afternoon.
Best regards,
Tony

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone: i
FAX: (301) 496-4409 _
E-mai:( OOF

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

  

From: Richard Goodman <goodmanr@ohsu.edu>
Sent: Saturday, February 29, 2020 5:31 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]D  * 00) 6}

Subject: Coronavirus question

 

We met many years ago, Tony,

..at an event marking Shelly Wolff's 10 year anniversary at New England Medical Center. (I had the

distinction of being the first medical intern in that program who he reamed out.)

My question relates to travel restrictions. The current restrictions appear to be quite limited, but several

organizations, including Google, Amazon, and the HHMI have restricted, or cancelled, even domestic

meetings. As a result of the HHMI cancelation, my own program director indicated his intention to

cancel our upcoming Scientific Advisory meeting and, in the non-academic world, [COO
(which is ironic since there are

more coronavirus infections in my town of [—___.&) (JOregon than there are in all of New York).

In addition to announcing the new travel restrictions, could you also say something publicly about what

doesn’t need to be restricted? In particular, is domestic travel OK, or not? Does the HHMI know

something the rest of us don’t?

Sincerely,

Richard Goodman MD PhD

NIH-001166
