CSC 6) 'ben.tinker@cnn.com' <ben.tinker@cnn.com>;
‘Amanda.Sealy@cnn.com' <Amanda.Sealy@cnn.com>;
'Neel.Khairzada@turner.com' <Neel.Khairzada@turner.com>;
'Tia.Miller@turner.com’' <Tia.Miller@turner.com>; ‘hujr@chinacdc.cn’

Subject: RE: NAS Annual Meeting Session on COVID-19 -- Information
regarding your Saturday April 25 participation

Dear all.

Thank you for agreeing to participate in a special late breaking session

on the COVID-19 pandemic at the NAS annual meeting. Knowing how
busy you are, I am sending this email in lieu of a call to prepare for the

session.

As you know, this 1s a 90 minute session which aims to provide our
audience with deeper insights into the latest developments in the
COVID-19 response. | plan to hold an engaging discussion that covers
the whole experience on dealing with this pandemic — from US to
international, to preparedness and response, the biology of the virus, the
state of diagnostic, treatment and vaccine development, and the
importance of communication.

I will begin the session by providing brief (~3 min) opening remarks
describing the circumstances of the pandemic. Then, I will introduce the
panelists and you will each have 7 minutes to provide remarks. You
may use a limited number of slides for illustration. | hope that each
panelist will provide their own perspective and speak to the issues
proposed below.

e Jeremy Farrar will discuss the global response to the pandemic,
drawing from his experience as a global leader, the chair of the
Scientific Advisory Group for the WHO's R&D Blueprint and as
a member of the Global Preparedness Monitoring Board.

e Tony Fauci will discuss the US pandemic and provide his
perspective as a member of the White House Coronavirus Task
Force addressing the 2019-20 coronavirus pandemic.

e George Gao will discuss China's response to the pandemic and
lessons learned for the rest of the globe.

e Susan Weiss will discuss the viral characteristics of SARS
COV? , insights into its pathobiology, immunity and
development ofa pan-CoV antiviral.

e Richard Hatchett will discuss the development of new vaccines
and treatments against COVID-19.

e Sanjay Gupta will comment on the health system response to the
pandemic and challenges related to communication and public
engagement in responding to COVID-19.
