Fauci: That is an issue. And it’s the reason why | have been saying that we need some of our people —
CDC, NIH people — there on the ground, both helping and seeing with their own eyes exactly the extent
of this. We want to be part of a [World Health Organization] convening group that goes there. But thus
far, we’ve not been able to make that a reality.

Gebelhoff: And why’s that?

Fauci: | don’t know. We have asked. We have colleagues — scientific colleagues — in China that we’ve
dealt with for years if not decades. Many of them have trained in the United States. And we know them
as friends and as colleagues. They are the ones that are not holding back. ... But they’re not the ones
that make the official proclamations of what comes out. The solution to the problem in the question
you’re posing is that we really do want people there, so that we can not only help them but also provide
some expertise that might supplement or complement their own expertise.

Gebelhoff: What does the United States do if [the coronavirus] does become a pandemic in the
developing world?

Fauci: Well obviously we will try to help them to contain as best as possible. ... Right now, by definition,
it is not truly a global pandemic. It is a very serious outbreak and epidemic in China, but the amount of
sustained transmission outside of China is still minimal. ... But there are some countries where it is going
to be very difficult to stop the evolution into sustained transmission. Obviously the [World Health
Organization] and the global security network that we put up over the years will try to help those
countries, but there’s no guarantee that we'll be successful.

Gebelhoff: On that point, the head of the WHO has criticized travel bans and restrictions around the
world as not helpful to stopping the outbreak. He said it was potentially “increasing fear and stigma.”
What

Fauci: Everyone agrees that travel bans and restrictions are almost never successful in completely
stopping something is that invariably going to turn into a pandemic. ... What we are trying to do is to
pause temporarily and give China enough time to put the lid on [this virus] to prevent it from becoming
global and to give us a little more time to prepare. There’s no indication or imagination that if this
becomes a global pandemic that travel restrictions are going to mean anything. But they can mean
something, as a temporizing activity.

Gebelhoff: What should the average person be doing right now about coronavirus?

Fauci: It’s a good question. 1) They should realize at this point, it is a low risk. And 2) that risk can
change, so pay attention to what’s going on [and] to the ... announcements coming from the CDC. ... The
things that you do for influenza — get vaccinated, wash your hands, avoid crowded places — are exactly
the same things that you would do if we did get coronavirus here. So the question is, should we do
anything different from what we’re already doing? No. Should we all be wearing a mask? Absolutely
not.

Read more:

The Post’s View: The virus that shook China’s system

Chen Guangcheng: Warning: Chinese authoritarianism is hazardous to your health

David Ignatius: The coronavirus outbreak shows the vulnerability of the ‘Chinese model’

John M. Barry: Can this virus be contained? Probably not.

John Pomfret: The coronavirus reawakens old racist tropes against Chinese people

        

~~ 4a
Robert Gebelhoff

NIH-001984
