FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail:

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may
contain sensitive information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original
intended recipient. If you have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender
and delete it from your mailbox or any other storage devices. The National Institute of
Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements
made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by

one of its representatives.

From: Baden, Lindsey, M.D. <ibaden@nejm.org>
Sent: Tuesday, February 4, 2020 12:31 PM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] ______ ©) @}>

Subject: favor

Ton A

 

Thank you for considering,

Lindsey

This email message is a private communication. The information transmitted, including
attachments, is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may
contain confidential, privileged, and/or proprietary material. Any review, duplication,
retransmission, distribution, or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon, this
information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is unauthorized by the
sender and is prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please contact the
sender immediately by return email and delete the original message from all computer
systems. Thank you.

This email message is a private communication. The information transmitted, including
attachments, is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may
contain confidential, privileged, and/or proprietary material. Any review, duplication,
retransmission, distribution, or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon, this
information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is unauthorized by the
sender and is prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please contact the
sender immediately by return email and delete the original message from all computer
systems. Thank you.

This email message 1s a private communication. The information transmitted,
including attachments, is intended only for the person or entity to which it is
addressed and may contain confidential, privileged, and/or proprietary material. Any
review, duplication, retransmission, distribution, or other use of, or taking of any
action in reliance upon, this information by persons or entities other than the
intended recipient is unauthorized by the sender and is prohibited. If you have
received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately by return
email and delete the original message from all computer systems. Thank you.

NIH-002179
