From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Tue, 5 May 2020 12:06:24 +0000

To: Harris, Mary (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Subject: RE: Thank you, Dr. Fauci, Thank you so very much!
Mary:

Many thanks for your kind note. Itis much appreciated. Stay well.
Best regards,
Tony

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone: “&)(

FAX: (301) 496-4409
E-mail:

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

 

From: Harris, Mary (NIH/NIAID) [EJ—E_— CJ>
Sent: Tuesday, May 5, 2020 8:04 AM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [EJ 0) 6)

Subject: Thank you, Dr. Fauci, Thank you so very much!

 

Dr. Fauci,

| wanted to personally thank you for being the voice of reason, security, comfort and insight.
As much
as | miss being in the office, | am grateful to say my Director is Dr. Anthony Fauci and share with my
family, friends, and church that if you said it, it’s gospel. They can bank on it! You have given comfort to
my family and myself. You will never know how much! | want you and those who in researchers who
are hard at work without much rest but tons of sacrifice including that of your families to find a vaccine,
give the Nation a sense of safety and security in this unprecedented time are greatly appreciated. My
family, friend and myself are send our prayers for your continued strength. Thank you doesn’t seem like

enough. ! couldn’t be prouder to work at NIAID and specifically on the 7" floor of Building 31.

Simply Grateful,
