brand new—that was frightening, that was killing people in a way that
was historic—the people who were impacted by the disease wanted to
have something to say about how we conducted research.”

There were still moments of confrontation. In May, 1990, hundreds

of ACT UP activists returned to the N.I.H., demanding

more AIDS treatments and greater representation of women and people of
color in clinical trials. At a planning session for the protest, a young
activist named Tony Malliaris performed a rap song called “Storm the
NIH,” which included the lyrics “I don’t know what Fauci thinks, but
this ain’t Denmark, and something stinks.” (Malliaris died five years
later, still in his early thirties.)

Fauci was undeterred. He threw his influence behind a program called
Parallel Track, which made unapproved AIDS drugs available as soon as
they were demonstrated to be safe, even as clinical trials were
continuing. The initiative would not have succeeded without Fauci. But
he always acknowledged that his approach had been shaped largely by
the constructive pressure he received from AIDS advocacy groups and
from leaders like Harrington.

This more inclusive approach ushered in a revolution in American
medicine. Patients today demand as much information as possible about
treatments they might receive, and no longer act as if their doctors’
advice came straight from Mt. Olympus. They scour the Internet,
assemble statistics, and often arrive at the hospital with a folder full of
medical information. The F.D.A., for its part, will no longer consider
approving a new drug until it has consulted representatives of groups
who would use it. “There are strict scientific principles that have to be
adhered to in medicine,” Fauci told me. “At the same time, a humanistic
touch is needed in dealing with people. You have to combine social
aspects, ethical aspects, personal aspects with cold, clean science.”

In 2002, I wrote a Profile of Larry Kramer for this magazine. By then, he
and Fauci had become friends, with each expressing gratitude for the
other’s work in those years. Fauci told me, “In American medicine, there
are two eras: before Larry and after Larry. There is no question 1n my
mind that Larry helped change medicine in this country. When all the
