Singapore and Hong Kong are holding steady—both have implemented
NPIs pretty early and have good surveillance.

Things are really accelerating in South Korea. Case count increased to
433 with 2 deaths.

https://www.cdc.go.kr/board/board.es?mid=a30402000000&bid=0030

Report below of COVID hitting Samsung’s mobile device factory,
which has now been shut down. This is what will happen here. The
greatest concern is what this would mean for critical infrastructure
sectors (including components of our healthcare system), The strategies
I outlined for outpatient clinics could be used by business (most
especially CI sectors) to maintain business continuity. It is as simple as
the old saying, “Don’t put all your eggs in one basket.” It is both
contingency planning (continuity of operations/continuity of business)
and application of NPIs/TLC (especially social distancing in the
community supported by home isolation and home quarantine).

We now have COVID in several countries across the ME (Iran, Israel,
Egypt, Lebanon, UAE). We added Iran the day before yesterday and 3
countries yesterday (Israel, Egypt and Lebanon). Iran already appears
to have a well established outbreak that will be tough to slow down
given the estimated size with 5 deaths already (that is where Wuhan
was by Jan-20). Japan is also seeing acceleration with local
transmission (119 cases).

Italy is another area to watch.

https://protect2.fireeye.com/url?k=c92f3372-957b2a0e-c92f024d-
Occ47adc5fa2-
927014023819d8ec&u=https://www.ilgazzettino.it/nordest/...D0yaql09ac4o
84 Numerous infected in the hospital of Schiavonia (Padua)

“And unfortunately, what the experts feared since yesterday has occurred,
when it was discovered that two patients had been hospitalized for about ten
days at the Schiavonia hospital (Padua) without knowing that they had
contracted the Coronavirus: since yesterday evening everyone those who
attended the hospital were subjected to a swab to detect any infections, and
the examination gave positive results in numerous cases. It means that there
are other people, probably among those who attended the ward where two
patients were hospitalized, who are now positive for the virus and
consequently could in turn have spread the infection. Already yesterday
evening the Governor of Veneto Luca Zaia ordered the progressive
evacuation of the Padua hospital which should take place within 5-6 days.”

NIH-001469
