sample tested positive.

The lab in Washington didn’t attempt to grow the virus from
that specimen, said Lindquist, the state epidemiologist,
“because it wasn’t going to add anything to his care.”

Many of the emerging coronaviruses are so-called
pneumoenteric viruses, meaning they can replicate both in the
respiratory tract and the gastrointestinal system, said Ralph
Baric, professor of microbiology and immunology at the Gillings
School of Global Public Health at the University of North
Carolina at Chapel Hill, who has studied coronaviruses for
decades.

Overwhelmed by hundreds of severely sick pneumonia
patients, doctors in Wuhan might not have focused on any gastric
signs, Baric said in a phone interview.

‘So Overwhelmed’

“The Chinese are so overwhelmed at the moment and trying to
do a combination of treating patients and dealing with the scope
of the outbreak, and then trying to get out papers that describe
what's happening,” he said.

Any virus in stool is more likely to be present during the

acute phase of an infection, occuring before hospitalized
patients develop a life-threatening complication known as acute
respiratory distress syndrome, Baric said.

“| have also spent most of my time focusing on the

respiratory tract symptomology rather than the gut because of
the relationship between these different emerging viruses and
acute respiratory distress syndrome,” he said.

Zijian Feng, deputy director general of Chinese Center for
Disease Control and Prevention, and colleagues released a report
Wednesday on the first 425 Wuhan cases, and noted that early
infections that didn’t appear to display typical signs -- such

as fever and viral pneumonia -- or had mild symptoms might have
been missed.

“The initial focus of case detection was on patients with
pneumonia, but we now understand that some patients can present
with gastrointestinal symptoms,” Feng and co-authors said in
their report, which was published in the New England Journal of
Medicine.

Emerging evidence of virus-containing diarrhea warrants

further investigation, said Peter Collignon, a professor of

clinical medicine at the Australian National University Medical
School in Canberra, who advises the Australian government on
infection control.

“This is something new,” Collignon said in an interview.

“We presume it’s respiratory droplets, but with SARS there was
evidence of other routes. We have to keep an open mind.”

NIH-002372
