To: Billet, Courtney (NIH/NIAID) __ ye
Cc: Thom Mayer{ ‘o>

Subject: NFLPA-NFL Task Force

Hi Courtney,

15, | hope you, your family and your loved ones are harboring safely through this storm. 24 thanks for
your efforts and those of Dr. Fauci-he is truly a national treasure during this crisis and it is deeply
appreciated.

| appreciate your help and introductions on how our players can be helpful. As you know Drew and
Brittany Brees made a $5M contribution to the Louisiana coronavirus efforts and they have done a lot of
press. Drew’s message has been “Hang in there-hang tough! We are in this together.”

’ve done several webinars with our players and their families, both educating them and pointing out
their role both with friends and family as well as on social media to let NFL fans know that whether or
not we have an NFL season depends to a large extent upon those fans following the guidelines
zealously-as zealously as they follow NFL games!

That message seems to be getting through.

| write now with a request for a little bit of Dr. Fauci’s time in about 2 weeks. | requested that we stand
up a joint NFLPA-NFL Task Force to scenario plan a pathway to getting NFL Club facilities open, with a
view towards if and when we might look towards an NFL season, even if games are played with no fans.
My request is to have Dr. Fauci give a telephone briefing to our group on this difficult topic, which would
of course be confidential. The floor would be his and ! can brief him prior to the call on what we have
been working on. If he were willing, we can do the call anytime, probably during the week of April 13,
although of course the modeling shows that would be during the peak of the outbreak. We could also
do it the week before or after.

Thanks so much for considering this. We are mindful of the psychological toll the virus is taking and the
lift NFL games would give to a sports-starved population, but only if it can be done safely for the players
and the fans who (ultimately) allow them to play this great game.

Again, thanks!
Best,
Doc

Thom Mayer, MD, FACEP, FAAP, FACHE
Medical Director

SINFLPA

NFL Players Association
11150 Sunset Hills Road, Ste 305
Reston, VA 20190
