important early role in amplifying the outbreak. The viral sequences, most researchers say, also knock
down the idea the pathogen came from a virology institute in Wuhan.

In all, 2019-nCoV has nearly 29,000 nucleotides bases that hold the genetic instruction book to produce
the virus. Although it’s one of the many viruses whose genes are in the form of RNA, scientists convert
the viral genome into DNA, with bases known in shorthand as A, T, C, and G, to make it easier to study.
Many analyses of 2019-nCoV’s sequences have already appeared on virological.org, nextstrain.org,
preprint servers like bioRxiv, and even in peer-reviewed journals. The sharing of the sequences by
Chinese researchers allowed public health labs around the world to develop their own diagnostics for
the virus, which now has been found in 18 other countries. (Science's news stories on the outbreak can
be found here.)

When the first 2019-nCoV sequence became available, researchers placed it on a family tree of known
coronaviruses—which are abundant and infect many species—and found that it was most closely
related to relatives found in bats. A team led by Shi Zheng-Li, a coronavirus specialist at the Wuhan
Institute of Virology, reported on 23 January on bioRxiv that 2019-nCoV’s sequence was 96.2% similar to
a bat virus and had 79.5% similarity to the coronavirus that causes severe acute respiratory syndrome
(SARS), a disease whose initial outbreak was also in China more than 15 years ago. But the SARS
coronavirus has a similarly close relationship to bat viruses, and sequence data make a powerful case
that it jumped into people from a coronavirus in civets that differed from human SARS viruses by as few
as 10 nucleotides. That’s one reason why many scientists suspect there’s an “intermediary” host
species—or several—between bats and 2019-nCoV.

According to Bedford's analysis, the bat coronavirus sequence that Shi Zheng-Li’s team highlighted,
dubbed RaTG13, differs from 2019-nCoV by nearly 1100 nucleotides. On nextstrain.org, a site he co-
founded, Bedford has created coronavirus family trees (example below) that include bat, civet, SARS,
and 2019-nCoV sequences. (The trees are interactive—by dragging a computer mouse over them, it’s
easy to see the differences and similarities between the sequences.)

Prylogeny
owes tego Mf ew
Le | LARS rosgiont (oe wipe out ’ we
| Pei ew Pe q we:
ina
1.00)
ta, Ree
Tyee
wae we
p bas
pe 20a35
> <faer;
‘Oe C5
omer tid
SARS 4 mass?
mau
sworn”
@ ww)
> Oe ’o
— — a Rote?)
~——=—@ &reube
og Mie iV
Oe
& ne’
—@ GstQly
‘ Os? ds?
-~- em Os
ey Ot
nel Qt}
———_—+ Graze’
— owen Bt?
—— ~y Anee
a MP
4 vw 33.
wear
ee tt
o We ©
Pimves
& wus!
© Oris
es OLS
Bua ey Vo rer WI

oe ee ee i Ba!
———_—_~# tm ns CoN 8h
gis ine CN | Pat) uae wad ‘abe ‘a ie }

Bedford’s analyses of RaTG13 and 2019-nCoV suggest that the two viruses shared a common ancestor
25 to 65 years ago, an estimate he arrived at by combining the difference in nucleotides between the

NIH-002441
