anyone to come in or go out; a driver from Hubei had to stay on an inter-provincial highway for
20 days surviving by begging instant noodles from people policing exits; all front doors of
residents in a township in Hubei were sealed by local government officials and volunteers to
prevent them from getting out of their houses.

e Second, there must be under-reporting of COVID-19 cases and deaths because the public
health and hospital systems in Wuhan and a few other hardest hit municipalities were
overwhelmed for one to two weeks; conceivably many infected individuals were not getting a
chance for testing and some of them must have died without being identified as COVID-19. I’d
say that this kind of under-reporting is unavoidable, especially in the epicenter of a new
pandemic. Actually | suspect that such under-reporting could have happened in this country as
well although perhaps to a lesser degree.

e Third, there could be a third category of casualties, that is, patients who were suffering from
chronic diseases but couldn’t get necessary treatments because hospitals were overwhelmed.
| read a sad story in social media in which a patient who needed frequent dialysis committed
suicide by jumping out of his window. It is highly likely that many such patients died during the
lockdown even though | couldn’t confirm the specific case or find any statistics. There could be
many other collateral damages including socio-psychological effects.

Combined, the effect of the maximum lockdown, the under-reporting of COVID-19 cases and COVID-19
deaths as well as collateral deaths of other causes that were associated with the lockdown could be
several times of the reported statistics from China. Here I’d not say that China purposely under-
reported COVID-19 cases or deaths but rather, China pursued an extreme approach and achieved an
extreme result, including severe collateral damages. Of note, Dr. LI Wenliang (the whistleblower) voiced
concern on 12/30/2019 and was criticized for having not followed the legally proper reporting process
but nevertheless the WHO China Office was informed on 12/31/2019 of a pneumonia of unknown
cause, detected in the city of Wuhan in Hubei province, China
(https://www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novel-coronavirus-2019/events-as-they-ha

   

We in the US and many other countries pursued different approaches, which are more humane but less
effective in terms of blocking transmissions. This is the reality, which needs to be communicated with
and recognized by the public; to make the humane approaches work as effectively as possible, we need
everyone’s support and cooperation, which cannot be achieved by blaming China or WHO. The public
has to understand that we are in a pandemic, which means that tens of millions are supposed to be
infected and millions are supposed to die from it, unless we take necessary actions to block the
transmission and to take good care of the infected.

Finally, I’d like to say a few words for public health colleagues in China. In my personal view, to be fair,
they have done their best to inform the global public health community of the COVID-19 outbreak in
Wuhan, China by briefing WHO and many countries as soon as they identified COVID-19 (12/31/2019 —
1/3/2020); they shared the genetic sequence of the virus on 1/12/2020; and the number of scientific
and medical publications in English shortly afterwards was unprecedented. | did a brief search and
identified the following:

A Novel Coronavirus from Patients with Pneumonia in China, 2019 (1/24/2020)
https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa2001017

A familial cluster of pneumonia associated with the 2019 novel coronavirus indicating person-to-person
transmission: a study of a family cluster (1/24/2020)
://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0140673620301549 -via%3Dihub

 
