it intends to perform this testing.

The Company has its own cGMP-capable drug manufacturing facility. This highly customizable facility can be
employed to produce several thousand doses of drugs per batch for treating coronavirus patients, if the Company's
drug successfully transitions to obtaining an exploratory treatment approval for use in patients.

The Company's platform technology has already proven that it can result in safe drugs. The Company's first IND-
ready clinical drug candidate, namely NV-HHV-101, has successfully undergone a standard battery of Safety and
Toxicological testing, as previously disclosed by the Company in press releases and SEC filings.

The Company is building on its previous work against coronaviruses. The Company's technology relies on copying
the human cell-surface receptor to which the virus binds, and making small chemicals that are called "ligands" that
will bind to the virus in the same fashion as the cognate receptor. These ligands are chemically attached to a
nanomicelle, to create a nanoviricide®. It is anticipated that when a virus comes in contact with the nanoviricide, not
only would it land on the nanoviricide surface, binding to the copious number of ligands presented there, but it
would also get entrapped because the nanomicelle polymer would turn around and fuse with the virus lipid envelop,
harnessing a well known biophysical phenomenon.

"It is like a "Venus-Fly-Trap' for the virus,” explained Dr. Diwan.

The Company focuses on developing broad-spectrum ligands and, thereby, broad-spectrum nanoviricides, copying
the specific human cellular receptor. No matter how much a virus mutates, it lands on the same cell surface receptor,
and binds in the same fashion. Thus, it is highly unlikely that a virus might escape a nanoviricide against it, in spite
of mutations.

In 2014, the Company had worked on developing antiviral treatments against MERS-CoV, and coronaviruses in
general. It had developed potential candidates for testing in animal models. The MERS-CoV threat was eclipsed by
the Ebola epidemic of 2015. The Company developed viable drug candidates against Ebola in a rapid response time
of a few weeks and sent them for testing to USAMRIID. These initial candidates showed significant activity. The
Company believes that another cycle of optimization would have resulted in a candidate ready for animal testing
under the criteria established by USAMRIID then.

During these previous crises, the Company did not have the modern labs, the cGMP drug manufacturing facility or
the BSL2 virology testing facility, all of which were commissioned after 2015 at its modern campus in Shelton, CT.

The Company is preparing an IND application for its first clinical drug candidate to go into human clinical trials.
This drug candidate, NV-HHV-101, is a skin cream with the treatment of shingles rash as its first indication. It has
shown broad-spectrum activity against HSV-1 (cause of "cold sores"), HSV-2 (cause of "genital ulcers"), and VZV
(the varicella-zoster virus, that causes chickenpox in children and immune-compromised humans, and shingles in
adults).

NV-HHV-101 has already gone through standard battery of safety-toxicological testing, which provides confidence
that our platform is capable of creating safe drugs.

The Company has its own cGMP-capable drug manufacturing facility where it intends to produce the drugs for
clinical supply.

The Company's top priority remains working on its first IND application for NV-HHV-101. The Company intends
to solicit interest and financing from government agencies in order to accelerate its work on the coronaviruses.

The market size for the treatment of shingles is estimated at approximately one billion dollars by various estimates.
These estimates take into account the Shingrix® vaccine as well as existing vaccines. About 500,000 to I million
cases of shingles occur in the USA alone every year.

The market size for our immediate target drugs in the HerpeCide™ program is variously estimated at billions to tens
of billions of dollars. The Company believes that its dermal topical cream for the treatment of shingles rash will be

NIH-002417
