CONFIDENTIALITY: This email and attachments are intended for ihe above name only and are confidential. If yau are not
the intended addressee, ar the person responsible for delivering it to the intended addressee. you may netther copy,
disseminate, nor distribute it to anyone else or use it in any unauthorized manner. To do so is strictly prohiblied and may
be unlawtul. If you receive this email by mistake, please advise the sender immediately by using the reply facility in your

mail soltware and delete it fram your camputer.

CONFIDENTIALITY: This email and attachments are intended for the above name only and are confidential. If you are not
the intended addressee, or the person respansible far delivering it to the intended addressee, you may neither copy,
disseminate, nor distribute it lo anyone else or use it in any unauthorized manner. To do se is strictly prohibited and may
be unlawful. If you receive this email by mistake, please advise the sender immediately by using lhe reply facility in your

mail software and delete it from your computer.

CONFIDENTIALITY: This émail and attachments are intanded for the above name only and are confidential. you are not
the intended addressee, of the person responsible far delivering it to the intended addressee. yau may neither copy,
disseminate, nor distribute it 1o anyone else ar use il in any unaulhorized manner. To do so is strictly prohibited and may
be unlawiul. If you receive [his email by mistake, please advise the sender immediately by using the reply facility in your

mail software and delete it from your carmputer.

CONFIDENTIALITY: This email and attachments are intended for the above name only and are confidential. lf you are not
the intended addressee. or the person responsible for delivering it ta the intended addressee. you may neither copy,
disseminate, nor distribute it to anyone else or use itin any unauthorized manner. To do so is strictly prohibited and may
be unlawful. If you recerve [his email by mistake, please advise the sender immediately by using the reply facility in your
mail software and delete it from your computer.

NIH-00128 1
