From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Sun, 1 Mar 2020 00:53:55 +0000
To: Cassetti, Cristina (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: FW: COVID-19

Please take a look and respond. Thanks.

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone:

FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail: ©
The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive information. It
should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you have received this e-mail in error
please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any other storage devices. The National Institute of
Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own
and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

 

----- Original Message-----
From: Fred Schaich <fred.schaich@zifaratv.org>
Sent: Saturday, February 29, 2020 12:55 PM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: COVID-19

Dear Dr. Fauci,

   

you a few questions as a concemed citizen.

Will we learn:
Why there are new cases in the US of unknown origin?

Could this virus infect carriers who do not present with symptoms or present in various levels of very mild
infection and never get identified as infected?

Could individuals host the virus differently due to genetics or ethnicity?

Is this virus consistently similar after multiple generation or is it capable of mutating?

Is there an ability to develop an antibody immunity through infection? Can one be reinfected?

Could the level of infection be determined by the amount of inoculant?

Could we learn the level of infect ability of this virus by testing everyone in a given geographic area where
there is a deep outbreak? We might also learn about the pathogenesis in a way that we cannot learn otherwise.

If this virus is so transmissible could we end up with almost everyone eventually being infected and present
with various levels of serious acute infection and death to indistinguishable cases or just carriers?

With the clamp’filter on information from this administration, please tell us where we may find regular reports at
various levels of current science on what we learn about this virus and vaccine progress, and where we may ask
questions? I hope there is place for formal and informal community input into treatment, care and vaccine
development.

Thank you for all your help over the years with your wise perspective through our interviews and leadership at the

NIH-001146
