| realize I’m sending this at the end of the day, so would it be possible for you to get back to me by 1 pm
tomorrow? Let me know what works on your end. Thanks so much.

e President Trump has lavished praise on China and its ruler, Xi Jinping, for its handling of the
growing coronavirus outbreak — a posture some in his administration are growing increasingly
uncomfortable with as his advisors remain concerned about China’s transparency and handling
of the epidemic.

© Trump’s praise towards Xi has irked some advisors, who say those comments and others about
how the virus will likely behave reflect how the president is being briefed, underscoring tensions
within the administration over its handling of the outbreak and the message it should be
sending to the American public.

e Worries about the market and tenuous negotiations with China over a trade deal have played a
large role in influencing Trump's friendly posture.

e Trump has told advisors he does not want the administration to do or say anything that would
further spook the markets, but remains worried that any large-scale outbreak in the U.S. could
hurt his reelection bid.

e For weeks, the administration’s messaging was that the threat to the American public remained
low and the virus was not spreading within communities. But some advisors pushed for a more
balanced message because they expect there to eventually be some community spread as the
outbreak grows, and the administration has since adjusted its message to reflect that.

e In an effort to keep Trump calm and restrained, Azar has been briefing the president that
“everything is under control, totally under control,” which has kept Trump from doing or saying
anything drastic.

e HHS officials have also told Trump that the number of infections could go down in the spring
when it gets warmer, which is mainly an educated guess.

e Some officials have complained that Trump’s comments emanate from his briefings with Azar,
who they say has sought to control the response. He has told other doctors, including Anthony
Fauci, not to get too far into the details of the virus and outbreak with Trump. Instead, Azar has
instructed doctors to let him handle it.

e Azar has also wanted to be the one to announce major updates about the administration’s
response to the virus. On Thursday, he briefed the Senate Finance Committee that the CDC
would use public health labs in five cities that normally test for influenza to also test for
coronavirus, taking state health officials by surprise.

e Some officials said the response has become smoother and better coordinated in recent weeks.

Yasmeen Abutaleb
The Washington Post
Health policy reporter
0: 202-334-8387 c:
@yabutaleb7

 

NIH-001860
