The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain
sensitive information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended
recipient. If you have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from
your mailbox or any other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious
Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own
and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

From: Folkers, Greg (NIH/NIAID) [EJZ>

Sent: Tuesday, March 31, 2020 10:43 AM
Subject: Wpost: Fauci socks, Fauci doughnuts, Fauci fan art: The coronavirus expert attracts a cult
following

Fauci socks, Fauci doughnuts, Fauci fan art:
The coronavirus expert attracts a cult
following

 

ai Oughnuts bearing the likeness of Anthony S. Fauci,
director of the National Institute 2 of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, rest on a plate at Donuts Delite in
Rochester, N.Y., on March 25. (Shawn Dowd/Rochester Democrat & Chronicle/AP)

By

Antonia Noori Farzan

March 31, 2020 at 5:15 a.m. EDT

Early last week, Nick Semeraro wanted to find a way to honor Anthony S. Fauci. As the owner of a
small doughnut shop in Rochester, N.Y., he had been closely tracking the latest news about the
coronavirus pandemic. And night after night, he’d been impressed by how Fauci, the director of the
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, approached the crisis in a calm, knowledgeable
manner.

So, as a tribute, Semeraro put the renowned immunologist’s face on a doughnut. Expecting to sell a
few hundred, he was shocked when the store sold out day after day, with thousands flying off the
shelves. Donuts Delite was besieged with requests to ship the buttercream-frosted creations all over
the country, and one Fauci fan drove three hours just to pick up a dozen. Soon, bakeries in Wisconsin
and Pennsylvania followed suit, using edible paper to decorate pastries with Fauci’s likeness.

“We had no idea it was going to blow up this big,” Semeraro told CNN.“We didn’t know everyone else
felt the same way we did.”

While Fauci was already a respected scientist before the outbreak, his appearances during White
House press briefings have made him a household name and an unlikely celebrity. With his

NIH-000096
