athlete.

What other nutritional elements and processes affect the natural production of EPO
and the body's oxygen carrying capacity?

Dietary Iron. To ensure oxygen carrying capacity, one should take the recommended
daily value of iron. Food sources of iron are red meat, liver, and egg yolks. Most
flour, bread, and cereals are iron-fortified. If the diet continues to be iron-deficient,
only a physician should prescribe and supervise iron supplementation.

Calories. Calories are needed for EPO production. Calorie sufficiency (in spite of
exercise expense) is required for optimal EPO-release. If training is causing weight
loss, then EPO loss may be occurring. In order to test the hypothesis that the early
cessation of erythropoietin (Ep) production during hypobaric hypoxia is induced by
lowered food intake, researchers compared the plasma Ep titer of rats after exposure
to continuous hypoxia (42.6 kPa = 7000 m altitude) for 4 days in fed or fasted rats
after exposure to discontinuous hypoxia. They found that plasma Ep was rather low
after 4 days of continuous hypoxia. Their findings showed that fasting lowers the
EPO-response to hypoxia in normal rats [12].

Hormone and Glucose. EPO production also has hormonal-dependant roots
complexly related to glucose metabolism, and calorie adequacy. The effect of
Thyroid-T3 replacement and glucose supplementation on erythropoietin production
was investigated in fasted hypoxic rats. It was found that 48 hr of fasting
significantly reduced the circulating levels of thyroid hormones and the production
of renal and extrarenal erythropoietin in response to hypoxia. These effects of
fasting were completely abolished when the animals had free access to 25% glucose
solution as drinking water, despite their lack of protein intake. Replacement doses of
T3 (0.5 micrograms/100 gm per day) restored erythropoietin production in the fasted
animals but also increased the response of the fed controls. To avoid the effect of
endogenous T3, the experiments were repeated in thyroidectomized rats. EPO
production in athyroid rats was found to be markedly decreased, with values
equivalent to those found in normal fasted animals, and were not affected by fasting
or glucose supplementation. Replacement doses of T3 increased EPO production in
all three groups, but the fasted animals needed five times as much T3 to obtain a
response similar to that observed in the fed group. Glucose supplementation
enhanced the effect of T3 1n the fasted animals but did not completely restore them.
These results indicate that caloric deprivation is primarily responsible for the
decreased EPO production induced by fasting and that this effect 1s probably
mediated by both a decreased level of T3 and a decreased responsiveness to it.[13]
A calorie deficit therefore requires 500% more Thyroid Hormone (T3) to maintain
EPO levels. This is a good reason for monitoring calorie intake during high training
calorie expense.

Iron absorbtion. Dietary interventions significantly advance nonheme iron
absorption rate during EPO production. It is very important to include foods to

NIH-000503
