White House arrange for the new Chinese test to be available in the US everywhere immediately.

This news should have been mentioned by NIH doctor Anthony Fauchi at the White House Briefing on Jan 31, 2020
but was not, nor was it mentioned by Mayor Di Blasio on Feb | at Bellevue Hospital in NY.

At this point, the NIH, CDC and White House should have already obtained the Chinese 15 minute test for the virus
and implement at all US medical centers and airports receiving travelers from the infectious regions.

Due to the exponential growth of infection rates from 'seed' individuals who are asymptomatic but don't know they
are infectious, whether returning from infection zones or are infected by others already here, I am hoping you and
other infectious disease experts waste no time in vigorously pursuading the White House, NIH, CDC and all other
agencies as to the necessity to test ALL travelers (not just those who are symptomatic) coming into the country by
air and sea with the Chinese 15 minute test as well as pull out all the stops to develop an even quicker test that's
portable.

As the numbers of infections increases exponentially in the US and other countries this next 2 to 4 weeks from
increasing numbers of asymptomatic 'seed' individuals unknowingly spreading the disease, we are certainly on the
precipice of an unstopable runaway epidemic.

What is also desperately needed from the federal government are frank and honest recommendations regarding what
is necessary to prevent becoming infected such as:

surgical or construction respirators that seal to the face, eye protection goggles, nitrile exam gloves, sanitizer wipes
along with specific protocols on how not to bring the virus particles back to ones car, home and possessions.

It is imperative that manufacturing of EFFECTIVE respirator masks or equivalent non-disposable respirators be
ramped up to huge scale. Without adequate numbers of these, exam gloves and eye protection this country will not
be capable of containing this epidemic.

Below this article, I've pasted in a number of useful youtube links of relevant and timely information in reference.
Thank you very much for your attention to this issue.

Jon Markowitz
Los Angeles

References:

https://www.rt.com/news/479705-china-develop-coronavirus-rapid-test/
China develops rapid Coronavirus test that works in under 15 MINUTES

31 Jan, 2020 10:48

Scientists in China have reportedly developed an express test which can detect the 2019-nCoV novel coronavirus in
under fifteen minutes, in a major breakthrough which will hopefully help stem the tide of infection.

Experts from a tech company based in Wuxi in eastern China's Jiangsu Province, working with the National Institute
for Viral Disease Control and Prevention, developed the rapid nucleic test kit in just ten days, according to the
Xinhua news agency.

The test takes between eight and 15 minutes to produce a result and is currently being mass-manufactured at a rate
of 4,000 kits per day, with the city government in Wuxi exploring efforts to boost production even further.

The first batch of kits has reportedly already been deployed to the frontlines at the epicentre of the outbreak, Wuhan,
in Hubei province.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wq330ZdQO-R4

"We're basically at a pandemic now': Mayo Clinic physician on coronavirus
114,173 views

NIH-002198
