From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Tue, 18 Feb 2020 02:48:13 +0000

To: bdoherty@mms.org

Ce: lbaden@nejm.org;Redfield, Robert R. (CDC/OD);F (©) (F Eisinger,
Robert (NIH/NIAID) [E];Greg Folkers ("OY ©}. Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: RE: New England Journal of Medicine Editorial

Attachments: NEJM Editorial - Fauci et al - FINAL - 02-18-2020.docx

Briana and Lindsey:

As promised, I am attaching the invited Editorial related to the COVID-19 manuscript that we had discussed.
Should I also submit it through the NEJM online website or will you take care of this’? We will send in the COI and
authorship forms in the next day or 2, Please let me know if you have any questions. Thank you.

Best regards,
Tony

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone: [ "(@) (6

 

 

E-mail
The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive information. It
should not be used by anyone who ts not the original intended recipient. If you have received this e-mail in error
please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any other storage devices. The National Institute of
Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept hability for any statements made that are the sender's own
and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

-----Original Message-----

From: Briana Doherty <onbehalfof@manuscriptcentral.com>
Sent: Monday, February 10, 2020 11:11 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] [0 @>
Ce: lbaden@nejm.org

Subject: New England Journal of Medicine Editorial

Dear Dr. Fauci,

I am delighted that you have agreed to write a signed editorial to accompany the article on the initial estimates of
key transmission parameters associated with nCoV-2019 virus by Li et al.

The gencral purpose of the Journal's editorials is to provide the readcr with an authoritative interpretation or
elaboration based on the substance of the article. Since this substance is usually not within the average reader's
special competence, such readers will particularly benefit if the editorial avoids technical jargon, explains the
article's contribution to a field of knowledge, and emphasizes, whenever possible, its clinical implications. The
editorial commentary should not be concerned exclusively with the article in question but rather should use the
article as a starting point for a more general discussion.

Because editorials involve interpretation and opinion, you and your potential coauthor must be free of significant

NIH-001807
