Among Tony’s best known accomplishments, beyond simply running
the institute and training dozens of the world’s top infectious disease
professionals, has been helping to discover how HIV leads to AIDS
and, later, leading the effort to create (at President George W. Bush’s
direction) the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR),
which has transformed the treatment of HIV/AIDS in Africa, and other
parts of the developing world. Millions of lives have been saved by this
program alone. More recently, he has been an architect and powerful
advocate of President Donald Trump’s plan for ending the AIDS
epidemic in the U.S. through HIV antiretroviral therapy targeted to
disease hotspots.

In his spare time, Tony has been involved with writing or editing more
than 1,100 scholarly articles and several textbooks, and, in the process,
has become one of the most cited authorities of the entire medical
profession.

For these breakthrough activities and his dedicated service (at a
government salary) for more than a half century (he worked at NIH for
16 years before assuming his current role), Tony has received, and
earned, the Presidential Medal of Freedom and a Lasker Award (called
the American Nobel by many).

With this long service and universal acclaim, one might think Tony
would let it get to his head, at least a little bit. Not the case, though.

Selfless commitment to public service

He is readily accessible to those who need treatment — he still runs a
lab at NIH — or need information. Tony still lives in the same house he
bought when he first moved to Washington, and it is there that he and
his wife Christine have raised their three talented daughters (though
none of them chose to attend medical school).

Until the latest crisis, Tony has often commuted to NIH

by Metro, typically after running three miles for his daily exercise. And
when he has been invited to make speeches in the Washington area or
on Capitol Hill, he invariably turns down a car and driver for

the Metro. (This practice has had to change of late for the obvious
reasons).

There are, of course, many other dedicated federal servants who also
view their commitment to the country and its people over financial
rewards. But surely no federal civil servant, in any area, can exceed
Tony Fauci’s long-term and selfless commitment to this country and
the health of its people.

NIH-000272
