Dear Jon: Greetings from La Jolla. Congratulations on your interview with Tony Fauci. |
have to admit that, until a couple of weeks ago, | have been quite critical of Tony's
apparent acquiescence with so much dangerous, incorrect and politically motivated
misinformation from the administration. | feared that the upside-down explanations from
the administration had the effect of destroying the concepts and tenets of epidemiology
and even rationalizing a completely wrong concept of communicable disease that holds
that it is unnecessary to screen for carriers in an epidemic but only important to screen
symptomatic people. That is upside-down from what we all know about dealing with
epidemics and has even been endorsed by Trump, Pence and other members of the
COVID-19 task force. It seems to have become a new normal concept of communicable
disease management. Like so many things in the Trump era, facts and history are thrown
out the window and replaced by governmentally espoused but obviously wrong concepts.
We assume to be preparing to completely deny established concepts of communicable
disease - screen only the prime suspects or the afflicted. In conversations with colleagues
here | wondered “where is Tony Fauci?" They suggested that he must be quietly and
heroically working hard being the scenes and at his personal peril to educate our leaders
rather than correcting them publicly. But | thought that, in desperate times, the public
must hear and see clear truth and denials of lies. My concept of heroes are people who act
at their personal peril - Rosa Parks, Martin Luther King, Martin Niemdller, Dietrich
Bornhoffer, Thankfully, | think that the real Tony Fauci has emerged, obviously to his peril.
| wish him good luck and survival. | find myself wondering what the responses will be to
Trump's likely premature lifting of isolation and quarantining procedures and if the
concept of disobeying illegal and unethical orders will survive the times.

 

In any event, good interview! By the way,

CC —_} Allthe best regards,

Ted

On Dec 6, 2018, at 11:17 AM, Jon Cohen <jcohen@aaas.org> wrote:

So good to hear from you and do tell Carl to contact me.

Yes, George has received ample criticism, but my job is to air his views,
regardless of what I think. And | like his independent, damn the torpedoes
approach. He speaks his mind. As for He, everything about this is bizarre,
from ethics to science to PR to regulation.

Best,

Jon

NIH-000228
