More than 47,800 close contacts remain under surveillance (> 1,200 have been
released), and contact tracing is ongoing in affected provinces and municipalities.
However, not all contacts are being ascertained or monitored adequately. As many as
16 health care workers (HCWs) have been confirmed as infected by at least 1 case in
Wuhan in a potential super-spreading event, but overall infectivity for HCWs has not
been established. No case of 2019-nCoV has been attributed to transmission on an
aircraft.

The survival rate of the virus on surfaces or in the environment is unknown. Disinfection
processes that are effective for other zoonotic coronaviruses should be followed for
now. Clean daily all "high-touch" surfaces, such as counters, tabletops, doorknobs,
bathroom fixtures, toilets, phones, keyboards, tables, and bedside tables. Also, clean
any surfaces that may have blood, bodily fluids, and/or secretions or excretions on
them. Use a diluted bleach solution or a household disinfectant with a label that says
“EPA-approved.” To make a bleach solution, add 15 mL (1 tablespoon) of bleach to 1 L
(1 quart) of water; for a larger supply, add 60 mL (2 0z) of bleach to 4 L (1 gallon) of
water.

Clinical Manifestations

Most cases have reportedly exhibited symptoms of fever, respiratory compromise, and
bilateral pneumonia with diffuse, ground glass-like infiltrates on chest x-ray or CT scan.
Unlike SARS-CoV, upper respiratory illness symptoms (rhinorrhea, sneezing, sore
throat) and diarrhea are not common. Overall, about 20% of the cases have been
severe or critical, including pneumonia, respiratory failure, and in some cases death.
The existence of asymptomatic cases has not been ascertained. No known treatment
exists for 2019-nCoV, although remdesivir will be available shortly from the U.S. CDC
for compassionate use. Usual antiviral drugs, including oseltamivir (Tamiflu), baloxavir,
ribavirin, and acyclovir, are ineffective. Steroids should not be used. Based on earlier
literature, the combined use of lopinavir and ritonavir is under study in China. Current
influenza vaccination is recommended to decrease the risk of simple influenza being
mistaken for 2019-nCoV upon return.

In a small cohort of 41 patients (median age was 49 years; interquartile range: 41-58)
conducted early in the epidemic (presentation before January 2), the most common
symptoms at onset of illness were fever (98%), cough (76%), and myalgia or fatigue
(44%). Dyspnea developed in 55% of patients at a median of 8 days. All cases except 1
had bilateral pneumonia. Milder cases had chest CTs that showed bilateral ground-
glass opacity with subsegmental areas of consolidation, whereas ICU patients had
bilateral lobar and subsegmental areas of consolidation. Only 66% of cases (even in
this early cohort) had been exposed to the South China Seafood City market. The case-
fatality rate was estimated to be 15%, but more severe cases tend to predominate early
in an epidemic. Limited data from another published cluster study indicate a 3- to 6-day
incubation period similar to SARS-CoV and clinical and radiologic features similar to
SARS-CoV cases in 2003. Another report indicates an incubation period ranging from 1
to 14 days.

Virology
2019-nCoV was initially isolated from 1 case and entirely sequenced; this information

was published internationally by Chinese scientists on January 10. Electron microscopy
of 1 specimen demonstrated classic coronavirus particles. 2019-nCoV is the seventh

NIH-002137
