many Italian names, ... and as the Senator from Nevada I wish to say that I have many Italian-
American friends who are hard-working, decent citizens, but I must excuse myself from this Corleone
hearing for another important committee meeting ... oh, sorry... was I channeling the Godfather

again?... a great movie.

There is another small concern, since he is from New York City and his name ends in a vowel people

may think he is associated with Rudy Giuliani... . but we know that he is taller than Mike.

We have completely debunked the New Yorker Magazine stories that Dr. Fauci has recommended
internal alcohol to kill the coronavirus since external alcohol really doesn’t work. In fact, he only
recommended it as an antidote to the daily briefings of the White House Coronavirus Task Force. Dr.
Fauci also noted that internal alcohol effects may be briefer than the briefings, so viewers may repeat

a dose PRN (as necessary).

REPORTER: “ Is it true that as noted in your background Press Release just handed out that Dr. Fauci
was born on Christmas Eve, and are you concerned about any back lash from Trump supporters who

regard Trump as the Second Coming.”

BIDEN: Dr. Fauci is an American. Even though he was born in Brooklyn, there is no question about his
citizenship eligibility for this office. I think that a resurgence of the Birther Movement which was so
viscously directed at my close friend and mentor, Barrack Obama, ... there I finally got his name out

there. .. would be very unfortunate. Next question.

REPORTER: “Has Dr. Fauci made any significant contributions in fields other than virology and

infectious diseases.”

BIDEN: Well let me tell you a down-to-earth, fascinating story of one of his most significant
contributions. It will be a short one, I promise. Since the Coroner virus pandemic has taken over all
the headlines, editorial pages, social media memes, political cartoons, TV shows, graphic artist shops,
and a lot of other things swamping articles about the Opioid Deaths epidemic, Dr. Fauci has developed
a new attention-getting graphic to replace the familiar 1-10 faces of pain levels; the 1-4 faces of

Pandemic Panic levels.
