hours before infection with MERS-CoV; those treated 12 hours after infection (close to the
peak time for MERS-CoV replication in these animals); and untreated control animals.

The scientists observed the animals for six days. All control animals showed signs of
respiratory disease. Animals treated before infection fared well: no signs of respiratory
disease, significantly lower levels of virus replication in the lungs compared to control
animals, and no lung damage. Animals treated after infection fared significantly better
than the control animals: disease was less severe than in control animals, their lungs had
lower levels of virus than the control animals, and the damage to the lungs was less
severe.

The scientists indicate that the promising study results support additional clinical trials of
remdesivir for MERS-CoV and COVID-19, the disease that SARS-CoV-2 causes. Several
clinical trials of remdesivir for COVID-19 are under way in China, and other patients with
COVID-19 have received the drug under a compassionate use protocol.

The Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), part of the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services, also provided support for this study. Gilead
Sciences, Inc., developed remdesivir, also known as GS-5734, and collaborated in the
research.

MERS-CoV emerged in Saudi Arabia in 2012. Through December 2019, the World Health
Organization had confirmed 2,499 MERS-CoV cases and 861 deaths (or about 1 in 3).
Because about one-third of MERS-CoV cases spread from infected people being treated in
healthcare settings, the scientists suggest that remdesivir could effectively prevent disease
in other patients, contacts of patients, and healthcare workers. They also note the drug
might help patients who are diagnosed with MERS or COVID-19 if given soon after
symptoms start.

ARTICLE:

E de Wit et al. Prophylactic and therapeutic remdesivir (GS-5734) treatment in the rhesus
macaque model of MERS-CoV infection. PNAS DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1922083117.

WHO:

NIAID Director Anthony S. Fauci, M.D., and Emmie de Wit, Ph.D., a principal investigator in
NIAID’s Laboratory of Virology, are available to comment on this study.
