can be leveraged to create safer compartments or spaces by shunting
disease toward the home. By implementing these interventions, one
could reduce the likelihood of disease in workplaces (by home isolation
and home quarantine-- keeping sick employees at home and keeping
employees who are well but potentially infected because someone is
sick in their household, at home). Adding in other social distancing
measures including social distancing at work, helps to reduce
community transmission (adds additional protection to the workplace).
The consequence is shunting disease to the home--120 M different
compartments 1n the US, and making the workplace the safe place.
That is potentially very important for critical infrastructure. The
answer is not PPE for these employees. And why would we expect that
employees in these sectors would have any better IPC with the use of
PPE than we saw with staff on the Diamond Princess?

Healthcare is a key critical infrastructure. It is different from the other
sectors in that it will be attracting patients with COVID like a magnet.
It is hard to imagine how one could makes healthcare a safe
workplace. But it is only hard to imagine how one could do that unless
you begin to look a little closer at the different components of the
healthcare system and the roles each component might play during this
pandemic.

To illustrate this, I took a stab at developing a conops or roadmap to
look at the various pieces of the healthcare system. The shunting of
disease is really fractal. Just as we can look at shunting disease across a
community into one compartment (the home) to make other
compartments safer, we can do the same within our healthcare system—
shunt disease to the acute care area where COVID patients will be
concentrated. What are the strategies to do that?

This conops is notional. It is purposely designed for a severe outbreak
with severe disease and assumes that the healthcare system must
somehow continue to limp along and continue to care for the
background disease we see during normal times (strokes, AMIs,
fractures and trauma, appendicitis, other serious infections, CHF,
diabetic emergencies, psychotic episodes, preeclampsia, complicated
deliveries, end stage renal disease and dialysis, etc.) as well as sustain
outpatients with chronic conditions that require monitoring and care to
keep them well and out of the ER and out of the hospital.

NIH-001504
