« ...On the other hand, even though the gastric H+/K+-ATPase was not expressed in airway epithelial cells,
exposure to esomeprazole acidified the cytosol and increased ASL pH of primary CF hAECs. We show that
esomeprazole had a dual mechanism of action: acutely, it induced intracellular acidification in an ATP12A-
independent manner but, chronic exposure, which importantly did not have any deleterious effect on epithelial
integrity, was linked to decreased ATP12A mRNA levels. These results open up the possibility of repurposing PPIs
as a new therapeutic approach for treating CF lung disease... » (15)

« ...we found that the mRNA of ATP12A, the non-gastric H+/K+-ATPase, shares 70% identity with the
gastric H+/K+-ATPase, ATP4A mRNA, which translates to around 65% identity in the protein products... » (15)

« Proton pump inhibitor therapy predisposes to increased risk of developing pneumonia » (16)

« Na+/H+ Exchangers Are Required for the Development and Function of Vertebrate Mucociliary Epithelia »
(17)

« ATP4a is required for development and function of the Xenopus mucociliary epidermis - a potential model
to study proton pump inhibitor-associated pneumonia » (18)

Regarding coronaviruses and Golgi complex:

« ,..Coronaviruses (CoVs) acquire their envelopes from the endoplasmic reticulum-Golgi intermediate
compartment (...), also called the cis-Golgi network (...). The three main envelope proteins (S, M and E) are
synthesized in the ER and move to the ERGIC/Golgi region where they orchestrate assembly of virus by interacting
with the viral nucleocapsid (...). Once virions have budded into the lumen of the ERGIC, the ~120 nm particles
must move through the host secretory pathway to be released from infected cells. Coronaviruses are believed to
follow the constitutive secretory pathway for exocytosis, although only a few studies have addressed the release of
virions. During infection, a progressive disruption of Golgi structure is observed, with swollen unstacked cisternae
late in infection... »

« ..,. Weak bases (which disrupt acidification), v-ATPase inhibitors, and expression of a pH activated proton channel
all block a number of membrane trafficking steps (...) One mechanism for how luminal pH can affect vesicular
trafficking involves a subunit of the membrane sector of the v-ATPase, which has been shown to act as a pH sensor
in endosomes. This subunit undergoes a conformational change as the luminal pH drops, which recruits cytoplasmic
machinery leading to subsequent vesicle formation... » (19)

« ...Pharmacological and other manipulations of the pH gradient that result in neutralization of the lumen
have all been shown to cause slow trafficking of cargo through the Golgi complex as well as alteration in Golgi
morphology... »

« ...Similar to M2, the infectious bronchitis virus (IBV) coronavirus E protein elicits multiple secretory pathway
disruption phenotypes when overexpressed in mammalian cells... » (20)

« ... The envelope protein (E) of coronaviruses plays an important role in virus assembly (...) Using
coronavirus infectious clones, it was shown that the transmissible gastroenteritis virus E protein is essential for virus
production, and murine hepatitis virus lacking E protein is viable but extremely debilitated... »

« ... The exact mechanism of coronavirus release after budding into the endoplasmic reticulum—Golgi intermediate
compartment is not known. Large vacuoles containing budded virions are observed in infected cells, presumably en
route to the plasma membrane where fusion of the vacuole results in release of virions... » (21, 22)

« ...It might be worth investigating whether ion-channel inhibitors, such as amantadine, or proton pump
inhibitors specifically are able to inhibit this increase in Golgi pH. For now, though, it still remains to be seen
whether CoV release is mediated by viroporin ion channel activity or through PPIs with host proteins of the
secretory pathway... » (23)

« V-ATPases are also important for transportation of newly synthesized acid hydrolases from Golgi to
lysosomes » (24)

NIH-001965
