How foods are combined may affect iron absorption rate. Excess iron overdose is
unhealthy and should be avoided. Common side effects of acute iron overload are
gastro-intestinal pain, constipation, nausea, and heartburn. Excess iron levels may
generate a continuous low-grade infection. Foods are the best source of iron. The
best food source of iron is liver and red meats. These foods contain heme iron,
which 1s better absorbed than non-heme iron. Non-heme iron can be found in dark
green, leafy vegetables (spinach, chard and kale) and whole cereal grains (bran and
whole wheat bread). Include dark green, leafy vegetables and whole cereal grains in
the daily diet. Oxalates and phytates found in dark green leafy vegetables and whole
cereal grains decrease the absorption of iron because they bind with iron in the
gastrointestinal tract. Iron fortified cereals increase iron from the diet. Anemia may
develop on a meat-free diet and/or if the iron store or intake is low.

Red meat contains arachidonic acid, an EPO-precursor nutrient, but it also contains
high levels of saturated fats and cholesterol suggesting a little (now and then) is
good but too much will harmfully compromise cardiovascular lipid levels. Adding
iron to the diet in supplemental form is not recommended except under the
supervision of a physician who 1s monitoring blood serum levels for a specific
outcome. It has been shown that eating red meat 1-2 per week may contribute to
providing substrates known to regenerate EPO as shown in animal research. The
ability of Arachidonic Acid (AA), the bisenoic prostaglandin precursor to stimulate
erythropoiesis and Erythropoietin (EP) Production in exhypoxic polycythemic mice
and the programmed isolated perfused canine kidney was found to stimulate
erythropoiesis when administered to exhypoxic polycythemic mice in the lowest
dose tested (50 microgram/kg 1.p.). Endogenously synthesized prostaglandins, their
intermediates and/or other products of AA metabolism, such as prostacyclin and
prostaglandins play an important role in the control EPO production.[14] Hematocrit
levels are restored through the supplying dietary or supplemental specific substrates
to support the body's natural EPO-producing mechanisms during endurance exercise
stress.

SUBSTRATES THAT ASSIST EPO METABOLISM{[15]

Acidophilus - 15-30 Billion Count Probiotics

Coenzyme Q10 - 150-300 mg daily

Garlic - 2 cloves or 2 capsules up to 3 x day

Kelp - 100-225 micrograms

Vitamin B6 - 50-100 mg

Vitamin B12 - 200-1,000 mcg

Folic Acid - 800 mcg

Proteolytic enzymes - Bromelain & Papain

Selenium - 200 mcg

Vitamin A - 15,000 IU daily or Beta Carotene - 25,000 IU daily
Vitamin B Complex - 50-100 mg

Vitamin C plus Bioflavonoids - 1-3 grams (divided dose)
Vitamin E - 400 IU daily

NIH-000505
