From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Fri, 1 May 2020 11:38:08 +0000
To:

Subject: RE: Coronavirus: Covid 19
Ato:

Thank you for you note. We will know soon whether hydroxychloroquine has
any beneficial effects as the results of randomized, controlled trials become
available. The pathogenesis of COVID-19 is still an open question. You are correct
in that there is a more recent tendency to use ventilators only as a very last resort
since oxygenation rather than ventilation appears to be key to recovery.

Best regards,

Tony

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone: [= (0) @)
FAX: (301) 496-4409
E-mail:f COG

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

 

From: gabriel stephens [0
Sent: Friday, May 1, 2020 4:53 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E][ O)G)>

Subject: Coronavirus: Covid 19

Hi Dr Fauci,

Please find an audio attached of a doctor describing the experience with regards to covid 19 in the
hospital. She seems to suggest covid 19 is a virus that rather attacks the blood cell, leading to respiratory
and other organ complications, hence they need to loom at treatment in a different light. In the UK
some hospitals have moved away from using ventilators due to the high death rate of those on
ventilators, and are rather using ventilators for sleep apnea, as they are less invasive, and the results are
much much better compared to invasive ventilators

There are some anecdotal observations | have also made. The infection rate in most African countries
seem to be comparatively low, which could possibly due to the rate of testing being conducted.
However the death rates are also comparatively very low. From initial information with regards to
