In his spare time, Tony has been involved with writing or editing more than 1,100 scholarly articles and
several textbooks, and, in the process, has become one of the most cited authorities of the entire
medical profession.

For these breakthrough activities and his dedicated service (at a government salary) for more than a half
century (he worked at NIH for 16 years before assuming his current role), Tony has received, and
earned, the Presidential Medal of Freedom and a Lasker Award (called the American Nobel by many).
With this long service and universal acclaim, one might think Tony would let it get to his head, at least a
little bit. Not the case, though.

Selfless commitment to public service

He is readily accessible to those who need treatment — he still runs a lab at NIH — or need
information. Tony still lives in the same house he bought when he first moved to Washington, and it is
there that he and his wife Christine have raised their three talented daughters (though none of them
chose to attend medical school).

Until the latest crisis, Tony has often commuted to NIH by Metro, typically after running three miles for
his daily exercise. And when he has been invited to make speeches in the Washington area or on Capitol
Hill, he invariably turns down a car and driver for the Metro. (This practice has had to change of late for
the obvious reasons).

There are, of course, many other dedicated federal servants who also view their commitment to the
country and its people over financial rewards. But surely no federal civil servant, in any area, can exceed
Tony Fauci’s long-term and selfless commitment to this country and the health of its people.

SA .

  
 

 

 

| tried years ago, when Tony was approaching a normal retirement age, to see if he might want after a
normal lifetime of federal service, to take some of his considerable skills and knowledge to the private
sector. He quickly said no — money did not motivate him, serving the country did. And he stayed at NIH
— to the country’s good fortune.

If there is any one medical professional who can help the country deal with the COVID-19 crisis, it is
Tony Fauci, an example of the best this country has to offer.

He is not a miracle worker. No one is.

But Tony Fauci has the decades of experience needed to understand infectious disease problems and
prescribe a treatment that should, in time, provide the requisite comfort, even if, in the short term, the
medicine is painful and inconvenient.

David M. Rubenstein is the co-executive chairman of The Carlyle Group.

Disclaimer: Any third-party material in this email has been shared for internal use under fair use provisions
of U.S. copyright law, without further verification of its accuracy/veracity. It does not necessarily represent
my views nor those of NIAID, NIH, HHS, or the U.S. government.

NIH-000326
