From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Sat, 11 Apr 2020 16:30:40 +0000

To: Del Rio, Carlosf—_ OG

Cc: Ce)

Subject: RE: Infectious Diseases Society of America Guidelines on the Treatment and

Management of Patients with COVID-19 Infection

Thanks, Carlos. As you know since Cliff has been in touch with the IDSA, the HHS guidelines will be coming out
this week.

Best,

Tony

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892 -2520

Phone: }
FAX: (301) 496-4409

E-mail:

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive information. It
should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you have received this e-mail in error
please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any other storage devices. The National Institute of
Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own
and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

 

-----Original Message-----
From: Del Rio, Carlos) ©} >
Sent: Saturday, April 11, 2020 12:08 PM
(6) CF: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: Infectious Diseases Society of America Guidelines on the Treatment and Management of Patients with
COVID-19 Infection

 

IDSA guidelines are out
https://‘www.idsociety.org/practice-guideline/covid-19-guideline-treatment-and-management/

   

Carlos del Rio, MD.
Sent from my iPhone

This e-mail message (including any attachments) is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain
confidential and privileged information. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby
notified that any dissemination, distributior or copying of this message (including any attachments) is strictly
prohibited.

If you have received this message in error, »lease contact the sender by reply e-mail message and destroy all copies
of the original message (including attachments).
