From:
Sent: Sat, 11 Apr 2020 16:22:40 -0400
To: Janet Tobias
Ce: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E}{
Subject: Re: Updates: Film
Janet
All this sounds fine and workable.
Thanks,
Tony

On Apr 7, 2020, at 8:31 PM, Janet Tobias <janet@ikanamedia.com>wrote:

Dear Tony and Patty:

Responses to Burklow’s questions to me from your group call yesterday:

1) | think we have landed in the right place for the film about your life. Nat Geo,
Disney, and Bob Iger himself. all understand the need for discretion now but are
wildly supportive about releasing a film that will celebrate the importance of your
life, science and public health. I wanted the best home, broadest distribution, and
strongest team for your film. You have entrusted me with your story, so I just want
to do right by it. We are really happy with the filming that we have done so far
personal home, school) to work (office etc).

3) The other film we have been working on (ENDING AIDS), which follows
globally the HVTN trials/latest Aids research to complete “the toolbox” is definitely
still happening. It is now in pause with COVID-19....but will move forward again
when we get through this. Filming at research sites in South Africa, US, and Latin
America has been great...and when you have time — in the future — I will outline.
You obviously are a key subject in ENDING AIDS also, but ENDING AIDS will
spend a lot of trme with doctors at the field research sites and with volunteers in the
trials. The Aids conference and meetings footage we have shot with you will be
shared between films, smartly and distinctly. ENDING AIDS will be released a
year plus later than the release of your biographical film—lI am focused on your film
now. Howard Hughes Medical Institute remains the educational partner on ENDING
AIDS. In the fall we will finalize the broadcast/streaming partner for ENDING
AIDS. So, bottom line it will be released a year after your film, and will be a film
focused on showing in detail where we are now with aids research and the key
people in the chain from you to a young female volunteer in South Africa/a young
male volunteer in Birmingham.

FILMING REQUESTS for your film now.

4) NO more asking to film with the Task Force.

5) I do have two personal filming requests for you — would it be possible to drive to
NIH with you once or twice a week and capture your working/appropriate
conversations in the car. That will be so helpful narratively to tracking your
scientific and communication leadership. The footage we did that first day is truly

 
