All tourist attractions in Tibet Autonomous Region have been closed.

Current influenza vaccination is recommended to decrease the risk of simple influenza
being mistaken for 2019-nCoV upon return.

Infection control supplies have been depleted in medical facilities in the smaller cities in
central China; the situation is critical in many areas and resupply is uncertain.

Overall Risk Assessment

The epidemic in China is months from peaking. A report indicates that just prior to the
cordoning off of Wuhan, over 5 million residents (many potentially infectious) left for
other parts of China, and many thousands left for Hong Kong, Singapore, Thailand, and
Japan. Exported cases have so far been to countries likely to be capable of controlling
(but not preventing) ongoing transmission, which will inevitably occur. In light of the
secondary cases in Germany in a business setting, the most cautious approach of
having arrivals stay at home or in a hotel for 14 days after their last possible exposure
in China is increasingly justified.

Based on increasing data on virology, clinical presentation, and transmission, this
coronavirus closely resembles SARS-CoV in many behaviors. Fortunately, sequential
sequencing of viral isolates over time indicates no significant new viral mutations;
mutations often increase transmission or virulence. WHO assesses the risk of this event
to be very high in China, high at the regional level, and high at the global level. The
closing of Wuhan airport and the major cities of Hubei province have yet to stem the
flow of exported cases. The originally implicated animal market, now closed indefinitely,
bears little relevance to the ongoing situation. Whether the market was the focus of a
species jump from animals to humans or merely one of multiple amplification settings
for initial cases is increasingly unclear. The degree of human-to-human spread outside

of Hubei province remains unclear. A reproductive number, Ro, is estimated at 1.4—

2.5 by Chinese authorities and up to 5.5 by other scientists. An Ro greater than 1
indicates that each case leads to more than 1 subsequent case, making control much
more difficult. The spectrum of disease manifestations in a large cohort study has yet to
be disclosed; a severe case rate of 20% has been consistent. The existence of mildly
symptomatic and asymptomatic infectious cases could increase the risk of global
spread. Case fatality is impossible to ascertain at present, and lesser or greater clinical
virulence compared to MERS-CoV or SARS-CoV remains speculative.

Current Disease Situation

More than 4,600 confirmed cases (976 severe and critical cases and 106 deaths) have
occurred since December 8, 2019, in the provinces of Hubei (> 2,700; mainly in
Wuhan), Guangdong (207), Zhejiang (173), Henan (168), Hunan (143), and Anhui
(106); in the cities of Chongqing (132), Beijing (91), and Shanghai (66); and in 21 other
provinces throughout the country. An additional 6,900 suspected cases have been
reported since January 21, 2020. In the setting of a large outbreak and with increased
delays in testing, a high proportion of suspected cases will evolve into confirmed cases.
Seventy-nine cases have been discharged. Two-thirds of the cases are male. The
youngest case is 10 years old and the oldest is 89; more than 70% of cases are over 40
years old, but the co-morbidity profiles of most cases are unknown.

NIH-002131
