sy

 

: wo ampuls of remdesivir
are pictured during a news conference at the University Hospital Eppendorf (UKE) in Hamburg, April 8,
2020, as the spread of coronavirus disease (covid-19) continues. Ulrich Perrey/Pool via REUTERS
(Pool/Reuters)

By

Christopher Rowland

April 10, 2020 at 5:25 p.m. EDT

A majority of a small group of patients showed improvements after being treated with an experimental
coronavirus treatment made by Gilead Sciences, bolstering hopes for finding a treatment for the
disease, according to a study published in the New England Journal of Medicine Friday.

The group of patients received the anti-viral drug remdesivir as part of a “compassionate use" trial, not a
double-blind placebo-controlled trial which would offer more definitive evidence. Also, the cohort of
patients was small, only 53 patients in the United States and around the world. Those limiting factors
prevent scientists from declaring that the drug works.

Still, the improvements offered positive news about a drug seen by global health authorities as offering
the best shot at becoming a treatment for the disease.

Thirty six patients out of 53 — or two-thirds — showed improvement in oxygen support, trial authors
said. Seventeen of 30 patients who were on ventilators were able to be taken off the life-support
machines.

“We cannot draw definitive conclusions from these data, but the observations from this group of
hospitalized patients who received remdesivir are hopeful,” said Jonathan D. Grein, MD, Director of
Hospital Epidemiology, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Los Angeles, and lead author of the journal article.
“We look forward to the results of controlled clinical trials to potentially validate these findings.”

While 68 percent of the patients showed improvement in the level of oxygen support they needed, 13
percent died, the NEJM study said. That 13 percent compares favorably to mortality rates of 17 to 78
percent in China among severely ill patients, the authors wrote.
