From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Moon, 3 Feb 2020 22:21:41 +0000

To: Steinberg, Danielle

Ce: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E];Billet, Courtney (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: RE: PBS Nature inquiry about Coronavirus

Danielle:

Many coronaviruses exist in animal reservoirs, particularly in bats. Remember
that for the SARS outbreak in 2002, bats infected palm civet cats who were sold in
live/wet markets and the civet cats spread the virus to human. Same for MERS—
bats to camels to humans. You ask that there have been animal markets for a
long time, and so why now. The fact is that this is likely pure chance +/- more
interactions in the human-animal interface. Animal viruses mutate and most of
the time the mutations have no significant impact on virus transmission to
humans. Sometimes they mutate and allow single “dead end” transmissions to
individual humans with no efficiency in going human to human and so we get
individual infections and no outbreak as we have seen with HSN1 and H7N9
influenzas that jump from chickens to humans but do not go from human to
human. And then rarely, animal viruses mutate and the mutation allows them
not only to jump species to humans, but to also efficiently spread from human to
human. That is what we saw in SARS and now we see this with 2019-nCoV, which
seems to have adapted itself very well to human to human transmission, as per
what is happening in China.

| hope that this is helpful.
Best regards,

Tony

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone:

FAX: (301) 496-4409
E-mail: | _ __. (bo) (6)
The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

 

NIH-002274
