We could expect to flatten the mesokurtic ‘without’ curve into the platykurtic ‘with’ curve by systematic
time staggering in the use of the protective measures and selectively applying the measures to drive
toward herd immunity. As immunity builds toward HIT (Herd Immunity Threshold), there will be greater
and greater slowing of infections as the linkages for transmission decrease. There are two points to
consider here.

The first point is whether measures should be applied in a uniform and blanket manner. The answer is
typically no when the effect is on an existing population because the curve won't flatten. There are two
aspects of the application of measures to consider. Is the effect of the application defining the
population or is it an effect within a defined population. In the instance of halting all air traffic to the US
from China, the population is being defined and altered if influx is allowed and that would both increase
the infections and population turbulence. There would be movement away from HIT. Any measure such
as people influx, which moves the US away from HIT, is to be avoided.

School, restaurant, and sporting event closings need to be examined in relationship to their impact on
an existing, not an increasing population. The actions have many criteria to influence them, but from the
viewpoint of keeping the healthcare system from becoming overwhelmed closings that are staggered,
variable, and alternating will work to increase movement toward HIT and promote flattening of the
‘with’ curve.

The second point to consider is whether we can move the US toward HIT by age selective application of
available measures. The answer is yes and this could provide the best tool. Susceptibility and strengths
of covid-19 infections covary with age. People less than 30 rarely have severe infections and the younger
ones may not become infected. People under 40 show a low frequency of severe infection. It will be
important to know if there is a large age cohort exempt from infection because that would undermine
part of the result from selective application of measures or limit the sampling age because these people
wouldn’t develop immunity, but might contribute to delaying herd effects. If they develop immunity
their contribution can be substantial and they can be kept separated from more vulnerable people until
and unless it is established that there isn’t a need.

Opening night clubs, sporting events, restaurants, and other places to people in their twenties and
thirties will build immunities, break infection transmission links, and move toward HIT with little or no
risk to the people or the rest of the herd. Have admission to the venues by existing ID, like a driver’s
license with age, and have agreement that they do not mingle with vulnerable older people. Leaving the
bars open to people in their 20’s and 30’s will flatten the curve!

NIH-000580
