FAX: (301) 496-4409
E-mail:

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential
and may contain sensitive information. It should not be used by anyone
who is not the original intended recipient. If you have received this e-
mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or
any other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and
infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements
made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on behalf of the
NIAID by one of its representatives.

From: John Lauerman (BLOOMBERG/ NEWSROOM:)
<jlauerman@bloomberg.net>

Sent: Monday, February 3, 2020 8:18 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) (E][ OG

Subject: Interview

Hi Dr. Fauci: How are you? I'm writing to see
whether we can talk again for a few minutes.
We're working on a biggish piece about the
larger bio-security issue worldwide and what the
coronavirus outbreak tells us about it. What can
we do about the weakest links in disease control
in poorer nations in Africa, Asia and elsewhere?
The WHO today brought up the importance of
access to health care along with spending on
public health, and clearly this is an issue in
poor counties. Is it also important in
infectious disease in the US and if so, is it
adequately recognized? Companies and research
centers have made huge strides in quick
development of vaccines and drugs; what can take
it to the next level? Is there anything that
could be done to attract more companies to this
field? What kind of new technologies can help us
track new viruses in the community? I've been
talking with people using handheld nanopore
sequencers to track coronavirus and Ebola; what
else is out there? Do we need to do a better job
of tracking the movement of people and goods?
Also glad to get any other observations. Please
give me a call today or tomorrow morning at Ce}

or let me know when and at what
number to call you. Thanks and regards, look
forward to hearing from you, JL

NIH-001926
