From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Mon, 23 Mar 2020 19:06:06 +0000

Bcc: Aberg, Judith;Adaora Adimora;Grund, Birgit;Glidden, David;Daar, Eric;Erica
Hardy;Gandhi, Rajesh Tim,M.D.;Jason Baker;Jeff Lennox;Johnson, Steven C - ID;Kim, Arthur
Y.,M.D.;Marla Keller;Tebas, Pablo (NIH};Susan Davis;Susan Swindells;Susanna Naggie;Tien, Phyllis;Amy
Dzierba; Mitchell Levy;Laura Evans;Craig Coopersmith;Greg Martin;Uyeki, Timothy M.
(CDC/DDID/NCIRD/ID);Walker, Robert (OS/ASPR/BARDA);Sheikh, Virginia (FDA/CDER);Anne
Collier;Francis, Joe (Contact NLM/OD-External) fF

Subject: Invitation to jcin the HHS Panel on Guidelines for The Management of COVID-19

 

Dear Colleague,

At the request of the Office of the Secretary, HHS and in conjunction with the White House Task
Force we are creating a COVID-19 management guidelines panel to provide frequently updated
information to the public regarding the treatment of patients with COVID-19.

This guidance will be an HHS document, will be updated frequently and will be modeled to
some degree after the ART guidelines. The Panel will include academicians and clinicians
currently caring for persons with COVID-19 and representatives from multiple US government
agencies (CDC, BARDA, FDA, VA, DoD) and professional societies. Cliff Lane, M.D. Henry Masur,
M.D. and Trip Gulick, M.D. will co-chair, and Alice Pau, Pharm.D. will be the exec. sec. for this
new panel. Those of you who are appointed to represent your federal agencies will be ex-
officio. Other federal employees will be voting members.

| would like to invite you to be a member of this new Panel based on your expertise. We
anticipate that work will begin this week and we hope to be able to put out the first guidance in
1-2 weeks. We appreciate your willingness to join this very important effort and your work in
caring for patients during this pandemic.

The first meeting (by teleconference) will be Tuesday, March 24 at 11:00AM EDT. More details
will be provided soon.

Thank-you for considering this and for all you are doing during this most challenging time.
Sincerely,

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

NIH-000279
