FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
February 18, 2020
Contact: ASPR Press Office
202-205-8117

asprmedia@hhs.gov
HHS Engages Sanofi’s Recombinant

Technology for 2019 Novel Coronavirus
Vaccine

Racing to develop a vaccine against the 2019 novel coronavirus, the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services’ Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and
Response has engaged Sanofi Pasteur, the vaccines global business unit of Sanofi.

The Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), a component of
ASPR, will provide expertise and reallocated funds to support the vaccine’s development.
Sanofi will use its egg-free, recombinant DNA platform to produce a recombinant 2019
novel coronavirus vaccine candidate.

The technology produces an exact genetic match to proteins of the virus. The protein’s
DNA will be combined with DNA from a virus harmless to humans, and used to rapidly
produce large quantities of antigen which stimulate the immune system to protect against
the virus. The antigens will be separated and collected from these cells and purified to
create working stocks of vaccine for advanced development.

“Flexibility and scalability are cornerstones of rapid response to an emerging infectious
disease,” said BARDA Director Rick A. Bright, Ph.D. “Using this proven technology, we can
pivot immediately to address this new global health threat. Our goal is a licensed vaccine
to provide long-term health security against this latest virus and prevent future
coronavirus outbreaks.”

BARDA has worked with Sanofi since 2004 and in 2009 began collaborating with Protein
Sciences of Meridian, Connecticut, now owned by Sanofi, to develop a recombinant
technology with the flexibility to make millions of doses of vaccine quickly in an influenza
pandemic. In 2016, BARDA added this vaccine to the U.S. National Pre-pandemic Influenza
Vaccine Stockpile. When Sanofi purchased the company and its technology in 2017, BARDA
continued working with Sanofi on pandemic vaccine development, and in December 2019
the partners began focusing on increasing manufacturing capacity for recombinant
influenza vaccine in the United States, in accordance with a presidential executive order to
enhance national security and the public health by modernizing influenza vaccines and
technologies.

This expanded collaboration with Sanofi is BARDA’s second program to focus on
developing a novel coronavirus vaccine candidate in the past few weeks. There is currently
no approved vaccine, treatment, or diagnostic for novel coronavirus infections; however,
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has issued an emergency use authorization (EUA) to
enable emergency use of a diagnostic test developed by the Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention.

BARDA also is working with counterparts across the government, including within HHS and
with the Department of Defense. The team is reviewing potential vaccines, treatments and
diagnostics from across the public and private sectors, particularly products in

NIH-001643
