From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Thu, 12 Mar 2020 10:48:06 +0000
To: Arthur Ammann

Subject: RE: Art again

Art:

Good idea. | will mention this to CDC during this AM’s daily meeting. Hope that you are
well.
Best,
Tony

From: Arthur Ammann (OO
Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2020 9:54 PM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [EJE OY GY
Subject: Art again

Tony. So good to see you now on TV in full charge. Your entire expression has changed
almost like when I bumped into you in the Washington Metro after you had gotten off
the plane with President Bush.

I have an interesting question regarding pneumococcal polysaccharide immunization.
One of our staff members phoned. Her father is a physician in France and has many
physician acquaintances. She was told that the doctors believe that the older patients
who received pneumococcal vaccine have less of a mortality than those who did not get
the vaccine.

When we did the studies and got the pneumococcal vaccine approved for the elderly in
1976 there was a battle about who should get it and whether was cost-effective. Since
then, other studies have documented the benefit, especially in older people and you
probably have received it. It is now routine but I know many elderly individuals have
not gotten immunized. Historically, many, if not the majority of deaths from influenza
in some of the past epidemics was a result of secondary infection with pneumococcus.
I'm not hearing anything about urging people to get immunized with pneumococcal
vaccine. The message would need to be clear so they don't confuse pneumococcal
secondary infection with primary coronavirus infection. It would be a good idea for
people to be urged to get the pneumococcal vaccine. If they had not received it. I'm
not seeing any recommendations from the CDC or elsewhere regarding this.

Please note: this document has been produced by a voice recognition program and may contain errors
or words that are out of context. Please let me know if clarification is required.

Arthur J Ammann M.D.

NIH-000673
