Callahan, Michael V.M.D.; (o_O;
Johnson, Robert (OS/ASPR/BARDA); Yeskey, Kevin; Disbrow, Gary
(OS/ASPR/BARDA); Redd, Johnt(OS/ASPR/SPPR); Hassell, David (Chris)
(OS/ASPR/IO); Hamel, Joseph (OS/ASPR/IO); Dean, Charity A@CDPH; Lawler,
James V; Kadlec, Robert (OS/ASPR/IO); 'Martin, Gregory J

(b) (6}'> Borio, Luciana; Hanfling, Dan; McDonald, Eric; Wade,
David; TARANTINO, DAVID A; WILKINSON, THOMAS; David Gruber

(6); KAUSHIK, SANGEETA; Nathaniel Hupert
Subject: RE: Red Dawn Breaking, COVID-19 Collaborative, Feb 16 start

 

 

 

 

 
 

  

Keeping track of the outbreak aboard the cruise ship. The latest update
is the announcement of 2 deaths (both patients in their 80s). An 87-
year-old man and an 84-year-old woman, died on the 20th. Both were
Japanese (the 87-year-old man was hospitalized on Feb-11 and the 84-
year-old women on Feb-12). So time to death from recognition of
infection was 8-9 days. On Feb-12, the total number of confirmed cases
was 203. So estimated CFR back dating the denominator to Feb-12 is
1%. Assuming a denominator of 621, the CFR is 0.3%. if deaths are
lagging by 8-10 days (and confirmed cases plateau), we should have a
pretty good estimate of CFR for he entire group in another week or so.
Will need to peel off the number of cases involving the crew member to
get a better estimate of CFR in the elderly. These numbers are within
the range we have been estimating.

The 2,666 passengers are similar in age (and likely in co-morbiditics) to
the population we see in a nursing home or residential care facility. The
1,045 crew are a proxy for a young healthy population. It will be
important to look at the outcomes separately. One of the concerns is
how a ‘remake of this movie’ could play out in similarly confined
populations of elderly frail Americans. Here are the numbers of long
term care facilities/programs in the US that care for the frail elderly. A
large number of locations and a large number of residents/participants. I
know that healthcare leaders were engaged yesterday, is anyone
engaging this sector (long term care)? The healthcare leaders seemed
more concerned about critical supply shortages (akin to the [V fluid
shortage). Listening to them, it felt like their concerns seemed almost
divorced from the threat of COVID.

NIH-001495
