their ability to respond to microbial threats, with new efforts on the
federal, state, and local levels. The recommendations were almost
completely ignored.

The next year, a highly pathogenic form of avian influenza, HSN1,
leaped from waterfowl to chickens and then to humans. Public-health
officials were petrified. In Bangkok, I met with Scott Dowell, who led
the Thailand office of the C.D.C.’s International Emerging Infections
Program. “The world just has no idea what it’s going to see if this thing
comes,” he told me. He paused and then reframed his thought. ““When,
really. It’s when. I don’t think we can afford the luxury of the word ‘if’
anymore.”

In a sense, the world was lucky with HSN1. Although the U.S. and other
countries mounted a diffident response, the virus turned out to be deadly
but not very contagious. Five years later, the situation was reversed. A
new influenza virus, designated H1N1, infected nearly a quarter of the
global population before vaccines became widely available. This time,
the virus was highly contagious but not nearly as deadly as most strains
of influenza. The fact that the outbreak was less virulent than public-
health officials had feared created its own danger; by encouraging
complacency, it did more to expose the world to the risk of a devastating
new pandemic than anything else that had happened in decades.
Although Congress had appropriated money to stockpile antiviral
medications and protective gear, many scientists felt that the effort was
grossly insufficient. “We spend many billions of dollars every year on
missile-defense systems,” Seth Berkley, a medical epidemiologist who
leads the Global Vaccine Alliance, told me. “And yet we will not spend
pennies on the dollar to prepare for a catastrophe that is far more likely
to affect us all.”

After the Ebola outbreak of 2014, Barack Obama implemented one of
Lederberg’s central recommendations: he established the White House’s
National Security Council Directorate for Global Health Security and
Biodefense, an early-warning system for disease in the developing
world. Trump disbanded it in 2018, as part of an effort to streamline the
N.S.C. In an appearance before Congress, Fauci was asked if the
decision was a mistake. He responded diplomatically: “I wouldn’t
