with earlier plagues (HIV-Aids for instance) will — we hope — give all of us a better
understanding of the challenges all of us will continue to face.

Appreciate your consideration. With respect, Lia

Dear Dr. Fauci,

My name is Michael Kantor and | am the Executive Producer of the PBS AMERICAN
MASTERS series. | believe you know

[J] | am writing today to see if you would allow us to make a film on your life and
career. We would require very little of your precious time right now, perhaps one
or two very brief video-link phone interviews over the next few months, just as you
have appeared on Trevor Noah’s The Daily Show and spoken with basketball star
Steph Curry. Later this year, after the current crisis has subsided, we would find
time in your busy schedule for a proper sit-down in which you could tell us the
stories that speak to the key moments in your remarkable career.

lam excited to work with Lia Carney and Topspin Productions on this project,
because it has been important to me to expand the roster of AMERICAN MASTERS
films to include scientists. Over its 33 year history, our series has profiled artists
such as Leonard Bernstein, Maya Angelou and Raul Julia, athletes including Billie
Jean King and Ted Williams, and now we are presenting the stories of James
Watson and Oliver Sacks in our pantheon of great films. Our series is dedicated to
telling biographies with the utmost care, and for that reason we have been
honored with awards like the Emmy, the Peabody, the Grammy and even an
Oscar.

We would be honored to have you join us in our public television effort to educate
Americans about the domestic and global health issues that have been the focus of
your career. This letter is brief because we respect your time, but we sincerely
hope that you will join us in creating a documentary of distinction for a broad and
diverse national audience.

Sincerely yours,
Michael Kantor

Michael Kantor
Executive Producer
American Masters
Thirteen|WNET

825 Eighth Avenue

New York, NY 10019-7435
