From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Mon, 30 Mar 2020 12:23:38 +0000
To: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: FW: Invitation to be the keynote speaker at an Insurance Medicine Conference

in Washington, DC in October.

RSVP sorry no.

From: Pinho, Paulo <Paulo.Pinho@optimumre.com>

Sent: Monday, March 30, 2020 8:18 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [EJ[ OY >

Subject: Invitation to be the keynote speaker at an Insurance Medicine Conference in Washington, DCin
October.

Dear Dr. Fauci,

| hope this email finds you well. It is abundantly obvious from the countless sifts through data and
tallies of cases, interviews and press conferences, social media appearances, etc. that your schedule is
crazy these days. As a practicing physician and an American, | am proud to be represented by you and
thank you for your efforts on our behalf. | realize with your schedule and with the thousands of emails,
this one may not make it, but | wanted to take a shot in the dark.

lam currently the Chief Medical Officer of a reinsurer and am on the planning committee for the
American Academy of Insurance Medicine’s annual meeting which will be held in DC this year October
18-21. Dr. Michael Osterholm had agreed to speak at the conference back in January as our first
keynote speaker on the subject of pandemics, preparedness. I’d heard him speak before at Prudential (I
was medical director there and we were a member company of CIDRAP) and his talk mirrored his book
which I’ve also read. Regretfully, 2 weeks ago | received notice from Laurel, his EA, that he is unable to
attend the meeting because he needs to travel to London that week for a meeting he is heading. | think
that a talk on the topic is a must at any medical meeting and after hearing your pressers and coming to
rely on your sage status updates and advice, coupled with the fact that the conference is in DC, | thought
I’d give this a shot. Would you be AAIM’s keynote speaker this year?

In the midst of the current COVID-19 pandemic, we understand many industry conferences have had to
be canceled. We are continuing to closely monitor the trend of the COVID-19 virus, and may have to do
the same for the AAIM meeting in October, but if there is an opportunity to gather and learn, we'd like
to prepare for it.

The audience is medical directors that work in the life, health, disability and longterm care space. Some
are Clinically active. Some of them are resources for health emergency planning for their companies.
The audience comes mostly from North America, although other countries/continents are well
represented.

The purpose of the meeting is really to illustrate novel trends in the industry that will likely impact

morbidity and mortality in the near or distant future. We’ve had talks on CRISPR, marijuana, precision
medicine, data analytics. They're not hard core morbidity or mortality focused, but do touch on it.

NIH-000121
