member of the family of coronaviruses that infect humans. Novel coronaviruses from
Wuhan, together with 2 bat-derived SARS-like strains, form a distinct clade in lineage B
of the subgenus sarbecovirus. 2019-nCov is a group 2b coronavirus (as are MERS-CoV
and SARS-CoV), with a whole genome similarity of up to 80% to SARS-CoV but with a
similarity between different gene segments ranging from 60% to 90%. 2019-nCoV
exhibits a 96.5% similarity to the known bat coronavirus precursors in the same viral
clade.

Sequence data allowed national laboratories to rapidly develop diagnostic kits, which
are now available in most developed countries and most Asian countries. HKU1, NL63,
229E, and OC43 are human coronaviruses that are detected by some routine multiplex
PCR panels used in routine clinical practice. These coronaviruses are associated with
minor upper respiratory infections and viral pneumonia, but unlike SARS-CoV, MERS-
CoV, and 2019-nCoV, these agents are not associated with major outbreaks or severe
respiratory distress syndrome. 2019-nCoV is not reactive in these tests. The findings so
far strongly favor (but do not prove) causation. 2019-nCoV has been shown to use the
same cell-entry receptor as SARS-CoV. Viral loads appear to be highest in lower
respiratory tract specimens, which should be the primary specimen obtained. Prediction
of human-to-human transmissibility from sequence data is difficult because
coronaviruses vary widely in their transmissibility; coronaviruses acquired from animals
generally have some potential for human-to-human transmission. Evidence from
subsequent whole genome sequences acquired over the last several weeks show little
genetic variation, indicating that the virus jumped from an animal reservoir to humans
within the last few months. Identical recent mutations in epidemiologically unlinked
cases support sustained human-to-human transmission.

Criteria for Testing of Suspected Cases

U.S. CDC

Persons meeting the following criteria (clinical features and epidemiologic risk) for
suspected cases of 2019-nCoV will be considered persons under investigation (PUI):

Fever and symptoms of lower respiratory illness (e.g., cough, shortness of

breath) p/us a history of travel to Wuhan or close contact with a PUI for 2019-nCoV
while that person was ill in the past 14 days before symptom onset

Fever or symptoms of lower respiratory illness (e.g., cough, shortness of

breath) p/us close contact with an ill, laboratory-confirmed 2019-nCoV case in the past
14 days before symptom onset

HCWs entering the room with a PUI should use standard precautions, contact
precautions, airborne precautions, and eye protection (e.g., goggles or a face shield).

PUlIs for 2019-nCoV should be asked to wear a surgical mask as soon as they are
identified and be evaluated in a private room with the door closed, ideally an airborne-
infection isolation room if available.

Prevention

Travelers going to Wuhan should avoid animals (alive or dead), animal markets,
products that come from animals (such as uncooked meat), and contact with ill-
appearing persons. Quality of infection control at medical facilities in Wuhan is
uncertain, and those with minor medical problems should avoid busy medical settings.

NIH-002138
