What about children? We know they are rarely hospitalized. But do they get infected? Do they infect
their families?

We don’t know. That Guangdong survey also turned up almost no one under 20. Kids got flu, but not
this. We have to do more studies to see if they get it and aren’t affected, and if they pass it to family
members. But | asked dozens of doctors: Have you seen a chain of transmission where a child was the
index case? The answer was no.

Why? There’s a theory that youngsters get the four known mild coronaviruses so often that they’re
protected.

That’s still a theory. | couldn’t get enough people to agree to put it in the W.H.O. report.

Does that imply that closing schools is pointless?

No. That’s still a question mark. If a disease is dangerous, and you see clusters, you have to close
schools. We know that causes problems, because as soon as you send kids home, half your work force
has to stay home to take care of them. But you don’t take chances with children.

Are the cases in China really going down?

| know there’s suspicion, but at every testing clinic we went to, people would say, “It’s not like it was
three weeks ago.” It peaked at 46,000 people asking for tests a day; when we left, it was 13,000.
Hospitals had empty beds.

| didn’t see anything that suggested manipulation of numbers. A rapidly escalating outbreak has
plateaued, and come down faster than would have been expected. Back of the envelope, it’s hundreds
of thousands of people in China that did not get Covid-19 because of this aggressive response.

Is the virus infecting almost everyone, as you would expect a novel flu to?

No — 75 to 80 percent of all clusters are in families. You get the odd ones in hospitals or restaurants or
prisons, but the vast majority are in families. And only 5S to 15 percent of your close contacts develop
disease. So they try to isolate you from your relatives as quickly as possible, and find everyone you had
contact with in 48 hours before that.

You said different cities responded differently. How?

It depended on whether they had zero cases, sporadic ones, clusters or widespread transmission.

First, you have to make sure everyone knows the basics: hand-washing, masks, not shaking hands, what
the symptoms are. Then, to find sporadic cases, they do fever checks everywhere, even stopping cars on
highways to check everyone.

As soon as you find clusters, you shut schools, theaters, restaurants. Only Wuhan and the cities near it
went into total lockdown.

How did the Chinese reorganize their medical response?

First, they moved 50 percent of all medical care online so people didn’t come in. Have you ever tried to
reach your doctor on Friday night? Instead, you contacted one online. If you needed prescriptions like
insulin or heart medications, they could prescribe and deliver it.

NIH-000917
