From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Wed, 19 Feb 2020 16:16:33 +0000
To: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: FW: Potential Speaking Engagement: Winter 2021

Please RSVP sorry no. Too busy.

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

     

Phone:—f  ()
FAX: (301) 496-4409
E-mail: C0) 6)

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

 

From: Andrew Turleyf OG

Sent: Wednesday, February 19, 2020 10:26 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [EJS >
Cc: Andrew Turley{__ CS) >

Subject: Potential Speaking Engagement: Winter 2021
Dear Dr Fauci

| know things must be impossibly busy right now with the current coronavirus issues but wanted to
touch base to see whether you may be interested in a speaking engagement next Spring as part of our
eee EES

A bit about me: | am af@)@aAir Force Major General and retired SES from the Department of Defense.
CSCS is arn associate professor emeritus from the School of Medicine and Health
Sciences at the George Washington University. We are both longtime admirers.

consists of people drawn from a wide variety of backgrounds, including doctors, lawyers
and many from the senior tiers of the finance and corporate worlds up to and including former CEOs and
other executives (and even a few retired senior government folks like me). It is an active, well-read and
learned community with a keen interest in current events. As an example, we have a very active Foreign
Policy Association chapter that always draws folks from across the spectrum of political and policy
perspectives for interesting and well-informed discussions.

NIH-001744
