Li was the first scientist to propose the Wuhan lockdown,according to state media reports. The
government followed her advice and in late January, the city of more than 11 million residents was shut
down overnight.

The sample size in this most recent study was remarkably small. Other studies tracking the virus
mutation usually involved hundreds, or even thousands, of strains.

Li’s team detected more than 30 mutations. Among them 19 mutations — or about 60 per cent — were
new.

They found some of these mutations could lead to functional changes in the virus’ spike protein, a
unique structure over the viral envelope enabling the coronavirus to bind with human cells. Computer
simulation predicted that these mutations would increase its infectivity.

To verify the theory, Li and colleagues infected cells with strains carrying different mutations. The most
aggressive strains could generate 270 times as much viral load as the weakest type. These strains also
killed the cells the fastest.

It was an unexpected result from fewer than a dozen patients, “indicating that the true diversity of the
viral strains is still largely underappreciated,” Li wrote in the paper.

 

Professor Li Lanjuan is a leading Chinese epidemiologist. Photo: Xinhua

The mutations were genes different from the earliest strain isolated in Wuhan, where the virus was first
detected in late December last year.

The coronavirus changes at an average speed of about one mutation per month. By Monday, more than
10,000 strains had been sequenced by scientists around the globe, containing more than 4,300
mutations, according to the China National Centre for Bioinformation.

Most of these samples, though, were sequenced by a standard approach that could generate a result
quickly. The genes were read just once, for instance, and there was room for mistakes.

Li’s team used a more sophisticated method known as ultra-deep sequencing. Each building block of the
virus genome was read more than 100 times, allowing the researchers to see changes that could have
been overlooked by the conventional approach.

The researchers also found three consecutive changes — known as tri-nucleotide mutations — in a 60-
year-old patient, which was a rare event. Usually the genes mutated at one site at a time. This patient
spent more than 50 days in hospital, much longer than other Covid-19 patients, and even his faeces
were infectious with living viral strains.
