Thanks,

Tony

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

31 Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone:{ 1) 6}
FAX: (301) 496-4409
E-mail:

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive
information. It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any
other storage devices. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

 

 

From: Laurencot, Elizabeth <elaurencot@nejm.org>

Sent: Tuesday, February 25, 2020 8:51 AM

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] @€____ ©) @]
Subject: NEJM content proof (Fauci)

Importance: High

 

Dear Dr Fauci,

Attached is the content proof of your editorial. Please read *ALL* of the following instructions and
information carefully before you begin reviewing your proofs.

First, please stop and take a moment now to confirm receipt, so that we can be assured that your
proofs did not end up in a spam folder.

Your editorial has been edited for grammar, consistency, readability, adherence to Journal style, and
clarity for nonspecialist readers. To expedite publication, we do not ask authors for specific approval of
routine changes; please read the entire article to make sure your meaning has been retained. Note that
we may be unable to make changes that conflict with Journal style or create grammatical or other
problems. Finally, please note that a delayed or incomplete response may delay publication of your
editorial.

Please read the entire proof carefully, including all queries. Please return your query replies and proof
corrections **before 12pm (US Eastern) this Friday, February 28, 2020**.

Instructions are provided below. Note that you will be reading for content only; the article will be
rendered for print after the content has been finalized.

The Journal’s senior medical editors will be reading your article at this stage. If they have any additional
comments or queries for you, | will forward them to you in the next few days.

NIH-001322
