      

- 2 oar —_ = bm, gt 2 oe. : 5

As part of a long-running effort to see what viruses bats harbor, researchers in China collect one from
a cave in Guandong.

EcoHealth Alliance

Mining coronavirus genomes for clues to the
outbreak’s origins

By Jon CohenJan. 31, 2020, 6:20 PM

attaaagett tataccttcc caggtaacaa accaaccaac tttcgatctc ttgtagatct ...

That string of apparent gibberish is anything but: It’s a snippet of a DNA sequence from the viral
pathogen, dubbed 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV), that is overwhelming China and frightening
the entire world. Scientists are publicly sharing an ever-growing number of full sequences of the virus
from patients—53 at last count in the Global Initiative on Sharing All Influenza Data database. These
viral genomes are being intensely studied to try to understand the origin of 2019-nCoV and how it fits
on the family tree of related viruses found in bats and other species. They have also given glimpses
into what this newly discovered virus physically looks like, how it’s changing, and how it might be
stopped.

“One of the biggest takeaway messages [from the viral sequences] is that there was a single
introduction into humans and then human-to-human spread,” says Trevor Bedford, a bioinformatics
specialist at the University of Washington, Seattle. The role of Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market in
Wuhan, China, in spreading 2019-nCoV remains murky, though such sequencing, combined with
sampling the market’s environment for the presence of the virus, is clarifying that it indeed had an
important early role in amplifying the outbreak. The viral sequences, most researchers say, also knock
down the idea the pathogen came from a virology institute in Wuhan.

In all, 2019-nCoV has nearly 29,000 nucleotides bases that hold the genetic instruction book to
produce the virus. Although it’s one of the many viruses whose genes are in the form of RNA,
scientists convert the viral genome into DNA, with bases known in shorthand as A, T, C, and G, to
make it easier to study. Many analyses of 2019-nCoV’s sequences have already appeared on
virological.org, nextstrain.org, preprint servers like bioRxiv, and even in peer-reviewed journals. The
sharing of the sequences by Chinese researchers allowed public health labs around the world to
develop their own diagnostics for the virus, which now has been found in 18 other countries.
(Science's news stories on the outbreak can be found here.)

NIH-002397
