From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]

Sent: Sun, 16 Feb 2020 22:28:19 +0000
To: Jon LaPook

Subject: RE: Coronavirus

Jon:

I have no idea what this guy is talking about. | have never said the RO was close to 5 or 6. The RO is about 2.0
to 2.2. Also, the situation is as we have discussed on several occasions. In the USA, the travel restrictions seem to
be working with only 15 cases in the USA (13 travel and 2 spouses). But, as I have said, this could change. If we
get substantial sustained transmission in a number of countries throughout the world, including the developing
world, then sooner or later there will be significant leakage of infected individuals into the USA since you cannot
restrict incoming travel from the whole world. The way we might be able to avoid a real global pandemic is if the
non-China countries can contain the infections in their respective countries before there is widely distributed
sustained transmissions. Once widely distributed sustained transmissions happen, a global pandemic is inevitable.
What would a global pandemic mean? It cepends on the true rates of morbidity and mortality. The currently
reported mortality of COVID-19 is about 2%. However, there are several folds more cases than are coming to the
official attention of health authorities, i.e. asymptomatic or minimally symptomatic infections. If you count these,
the denominator gets much larger and the case fatality rate could drop to 1% of even 0.5 % or less. If that is the
case, then this could be a very severe seasonal flu (0.2% to 0.4%; regular seasonal flu is 0.1%) or a typical pandemic
like 1957 or 1968 (0.5% -0.9 %). We are not sure where it is going to land.

Hope this is helpful.
Best,
Tony

Anthony S. Fauci, MD

Director

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Building 31, Room 7A-03

3] Center Drive, MSC 2520

National Institutes of Health

Bethesda, MD 20892-2520

Phone:(_ (8) (6}
FAX: (301) 496-4409
E-mail OS

The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive information. It
should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient. If you have received this e-mail in error
please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any other storage devices. The National Institute of
Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own
and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.

 

 

 

To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) (E] ECO OH}

Subject: Coronavirus

Hi Tony,

I thought you would be interested to see a text (below my email) I just got from a very smart Wall Street guy who
has been filling me in on reaction there. I’ve been doing my best on air to put the current situation in perspective -
communicating that the risk in the U.S. is still relatively low while letting viewers know the situation ts fluid and
could change. How would you sum up where we are now?

Thanks,

Jon

NIH-001848
