journal, The Annals of Internal Medicine, and the following June the
paper was published.

In the laboratory, Fauci began making progress. He had been
investigating B cells, which are involved in the production of antibodies.
In 1983—before H.I.V. was even known by that name—his lab became
the first to report that B cells became hyperactive in patients with AIDS.
When a healthy person is invaded by a virus, antibodies mount a
defense, but, when H.I.V. hijacked B cells, the antibody system went
awry. Fauci and his team had identified one of the crucial features

of AIDS. “We made that observation without having any idea of what we
were dealing with,” he said in an interview for an N.I.H. oral history. “T
think that speaks for sound scientific and clinical observation.” The
politics of seeking a cure, though, would be far harder to manage.

On October 11, 1988, more than a thousand AIDS activists gathered
outside the headquarters of the Food and Drug Administration, in
Rockville, Maryland, to protest the agency’s glacial reaction to the
epidemic. The activists knew that their community needed new
treatments if they were to avoid catastrophe—but they were stymied by
the F.D.A.’s drug-approval process, a remarkably inflexible system that
typically took years.

That same day, another group of protesters marched onto the campus of
the National Institutes of Health, in Bethesda, Maryland. They were
headed for Building 31, the home of the National Institute of Allergy
and Infectious Diseases. Fauci, who had become the institute’s director
in 1984, was now the government’s leading scientist focussed on

the AIDS epidemic. Even though he was not running the F.D.A., he
appeared almost daily in the media to discuss the crisis. “My face was
the face of the federal government,” Fauci told me. He was asked the
same question nearly every day: why wasn’t the government moving
faster? It didn’t help that the Reagan Administration seemed so
indifferent to the plague.

Fauci watched from his office window as activists surrounded the
building and tried to scale its walls. Some were dressed in black robes
