CSC (6¥'>; Routh, Jennifer (NIH/NIAID) (EJ) }: Stover, Kathy
(NIH/NIAID) (E] >

Subject: ASF: documentary interview request: PBS + Topspin Productions

We have received a request from the PBS program “American Masters” and Topspin Productions to doa
documentary about you. Their near-term ask is one or two brief video-link phone interviews during the

next few months. After the coronavirus pandemic has subsided, they would like to do “a proper sit-

down in which you could tell us the stories that speak to the key moments in your remarkable career.”

On the face of it, this might seem to overlap with the Tobias/Hoffman project, but in the end | think
they’d be quite different products. Please let me know if you'd like us to seek clearance to proceed.

On Apr 7, 2020, at 9:26 AM, Lia Carney <lia@topspincontent.com> wrote:

Hi Laura,
Nice to speak yesterday. See below for formal request and information about the series. If

you wouldn’t mind confirming receipt of this email, | can make sure to let me partners in
this project know it is in the correct hands. Stay safe and thank you.

Dear Dr. Fauci,

 

To re-introduce myself, I am Lia Dosik Carney, f b) (6} and an executive
producer in Los Angeles. As you’ll remember, we filmed with you last summer as a major
participant in a documentary we were producing centered around infectious disease. Thank
you again for participating and taking the time. It was great to hear about your
extraordinary career as well as a few interesting stories about

Obviously events have taken over all of our lives. Like everyone else in this country, | am
very grateful for your honest and steadfast leadership as we navigate our new reality.
During this time, we’ve been rethinking how we want to proceed with our documentary and
have come to realize focusing on you, your experiences over the decades, how you have met
every challenge presented to you, would give all of us a roadmap for the future.

To that end we are now in partnership with AMERICAN MASTERS, PBS’ flagship series
that profiles and honors outstanding Americans. Together we would like to produce a
comprehensive look at your life, your experiences and your insights into how to deal with
the recurring diseases that contirue to plague our lives.

I have included below an introductory email from American Masters Executive Producer,
Michael Kantor, which will give you a broader sense of that exceptional PBS series and the
extraordinary work they produce.

We all know how limited your time is now — and all of us are so appreciative of what you
are doing. We respectfully hope you will allow us to chronicle your life in medicine. We
know that as we emerge from this latest crisis — understanding how you were able to deal
